SIXTEEN STATES



  Written by


 Glenn Ficarra
   John Requa




SUBMISSION DRAFT
   12/11/2020
EXT. FORESTED ROAD - EARLY MORNING

The grey gloaming of morning. A PICKUP truck pulls to the
side of the road at the edge of the WOODS. In the bed, an
adorable SPOTTED JUVENILE DOG YIPS with excitement.

A man who looks to be a HUNTER emerges from the truck with a
RIFLE and heads for the treeline. The excited young dog
jumps out and follows him.


EXT. WOODS / GULLY - A SHORT TIME LATER

A perfect morning for hunting, good visibility and flat
light. The Hunter loads his gun, looking serious as cancer.

The spotted dog sniffs the breeze when-- A SNAPPING TWIG gets
their attention, the Hunter’s eyes dart to see--

A BUCK, oblivious to his presence, rooting around nearby.
It’s beautiful.

PAN back to the Hunter- taking in the sight, while the dog
stiffens at attention.

The Hunter studies the gorgeous animal closely, its
musculature highlighted by the early rays of then rising sun
when... A TEAR wells in his eye.

The Hunter returns his attention to the gun.   He flips off
the safety.

BACK ON THE BUCK, still unaware, when a loud GUNSHOT RINGS
OUT. The startled animal DASHES AWAY UNHARMED as we PAN BACK
to the hunter to REVEAL--

--A HUGE SECTION OF THE HUNTER’S HEAD IS GONE- the rifle
barrel still in his mouth as his body CRUMPLES TO THE GROUND
before a tree painted with his blood and brain matter.

The dog is completely unaware and DARTS AFTER the buck,
leaving us with the Hunter’s remains.

A ghastly and unforgettable image- the man’s lifeless EYE
looking to the skies. CAMERA TILTS UP, following his gaze, as
the bright white sky soon BLEACHES THE FRAME.

                                               DISSOLVE TO:


EXT. SUBURBAN MAIN STREET - DAY

Tall, gauzy, OUT OF FOCUS SHAPES undulate like stalks of corn
in a SLOW MOTION breeze.
                                                         2.


Moving closer reveals them to be SMALL AMERICAN FLAGS, dozens
of them, gripped by HANDS both young and old -- held aloft
above a CROWD.

It doesn’t seem unusual the flags only have SIXTEEN STARS.

We move through this lyrical forest of red, white and blue,
over the heads of the SPECTATORS until we come upon a PARADE.

IN SLOW MOTION MONTAGE, we take in familiar images of HIGH
SCHOOL MARCHING BANDS and FLOATS...

...MAJORETTES and REVOLUTIONARY WAR RE-ENACTORS...

...VFWs and UNCLE SAM ON STILTS walk side by side as happy
MIDWESTERN TOWNFOLK cheer them on, lining the streets of an
average Midwestern town. And from the banners held by the
marching members of the ROTARY CLUB, it seems we are in a
place called WYNTON, ILLINOIS.

The pastoral imagery continues along suburban FRONT YARDS
populated by running kids passing houses draped in bunting
and other regalia. Golden hour paints it all in orange.


EXT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - DUSK

Outside one of these houses, on a quaint cul-de-sac, we catch
up with a FAMILY OF FOUR leaving their front door with
armfuls of dishes destined for their neighbor’s home.

APRIL CONSTANCE follows her youngest daughter, POSEY (8), out
the door. April has a bowl of POTATO SALAD and a covered POT
while little Posie lugs a tupperware CONTAINER, best she can.

                    APRIL
          Keep it flat Posey honey...

                    POSEY
          I am.

                    APRIL
          No that’s sideways... Do you have
          the cupcakes Josh?

Her husband JOSH clears the threshold with a plate balanced
on one hand and a GROWLER of beer in the other.

                    JOSH
          No- Bella does-     Bella? You comin’
          or what?

Josh looks over his shoulder to his older stepdaughter,
ISABELLA (14)-- bringing up the rear with a CUPCAKE PLATTER.
                                                         3.


                    ISABELLA
          Coming... Why so much stuff?

                    JOSH
          Your mother wants to impress the
          new neighbors.

                    APRIL
          I’m just being nice!

POP-POP-POP-POP! A few TWEENS set off a HALF-MAT OF FIREWORKS
across the cul-de-sac, startling everyone.


EXT. JEN AND MATT’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - NIGHT

SPARKLERS and SNAPPERS occupy raucous little ones while a few
DADS toss some small FIRECRACKERS.

A classic SONG on the outdoor speakers as NEIGHBORS pick at
the potluck outlay. Neighbor dad MATT wears a baseball hat
that reads US BORDER FORCES. He unloads burgers and dogs off
the grill and onto platters held by April and Isabella.

                    APRIL
          So how you liking Wynton, Matt...?

                    MATT
          We love it so far. Work’s good,
          taxes are super low, people seem
          nice...

                    JEN (O.S.)
          April will you give me that and sit
          down already?

Matt’s wife JEN appears and takes the platter from her, her
16 year old son, COLE, trailing behind her. Isabella
instantly notices him.

                    JEN (CONT'D)
          Isabella, this is Cole. He’s shy,
          but he sure is handsome isn’t he?

                    COLE
          Mom...

Cole rolls his eyes as the women laugh at him, but can’t help
but notice Isabella’s smile. The moment is soon broken by the
distant BOOM of FIREWORKS.

Jen claps her hands and SHOUTS to be heard by all-
                                                           4.


                     JEN
          TIME FOR FIREWORKS! TIME FOR
          FIREWORKS!

The grown-ups begin to migrate to a corner of the yard,
leaving Cole and Isabella together.

An awkward moment between the teens, then--

                    COLE
          So... uh.. You going to the
          football game Sunday?

                    ISABELLA
          Um, probably, yeah...

                    COLE
          Maybe we should go together?

Isabella tries to play it cool as she blushes at this
unexpected moment.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          I’m not shy.

Cole’s smile melts her a little. MUSIC SWELLS AS they
continue to flirt--

                                              SMASH CUT TO:

POP! BOOM! OOOH! AHH! PYROTECHNICS fill the skies as the
neighbors enjoy the COMMUNITY FIREWORKS filling the sky.

SCORE builds as we CRANE UP SLOWLY, revealing the GLOW OF THE
FIREWORKS ON THE TREETOPS...

CRANE UP continues as we go higher, FLASHES of colored light
illuminating the surrounding neighborhood and eventually--

--A LONG, LOOMING WALL OF SHIPPING CONTAINERS at the edge of
town, CUTTING THROUGH THE LANDSCAPE AND SNAKING INFINITELY
INTO THE DISTANCE IN EITHER DIRECTION.

PULL OUT CONTINUES as fireworks from adjoining towns can also
be seen in the distance- FURTHER ILLUMINATING THE SEEMINGLY
ENDLESS WALL--

MUSIC BUILDS as....

TITLE CARD:           “SIXTEEN STATES”

And as the music crescendoes, we--

                                              FADE TO BLACK:
                                                            5.


OVER BLACK-

The sound of LEAVES on a light SUMMER WIND.

TITLE CARD:           “Monday”


EXT. SUBURBAN STREET / PARK - AFTERNOON

A beautiful day. Leaves rustle on the trees of the quaint
street. Nothing could be more normal as we catch up with
April walking Posey through the neighborhood.

                    APRIL
          But Suzanne was your Grandmama’s
          name...

                     POSEY
          I still don’t like it...
              (then)
          And why do you call Bella “Bella”?

                    APRIL
          Because it’s short for Isabella...

                    POSEY
          You know why I like when you call
          me Posey?

                    APRIL
          Um... maybe because you’re pretty
          like a flower?

Posey laughs as they walk on.


EXT. SUBURBAN PARK - DAY

Minuscule in the frame, they make their way across marshy
lowlands, passing a PARK. Jutting up from the nearby woods is
a municipal WATERTOWER- a familiar suburban sight.

Something draws Posey’s attention. She points.

                    POSEY
          Mommy look.

On the other side of the playground something moves in the
grass. Before any alarm can be raised, the YOUNG SPOTTED DOG
scampers into view. Posey laughs at his awkward gait.

April kneels down to accept the dog and it flops into her
lap. She SMOOSHES ITS FACE and it LICKS HER PLAYFULLY as she
notices his collar.
                                                           6.


                    APRIL
          Did you break out of your yard?
          Let’s find out who you belong to.
              (to Posey)
          You want to pet him?

Posey moves closer as April reaches for his collar, but
before Posey can pet him, the dog SCAMPERS OFF.

                    POSEY
          Hey! Come back!

                    APRIL
          Here boy-- come here--

He’s already too far to catch, running for the treeline.

                    POSEY
          Is he going home?

                    APRIL
          I hope so. I’m sure they’re missing
          him right now.

As Posey grabs her hand, April watches the dog head for a
GULLY by a THICK STAND OF TREES - which eventually consume it
in their shadows.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT

The family sits around a small table in the kitchen holding
hands as Josh prays.

                    JOSH
          Lord God and giver of all good
          gifts, we are grateful as we pause
          before this meal, for all the
          blessings of life that you give to
          us. Mindful of your continuous
          care, we are grateful for the
          blessings of this table.

                    EVERYONE
          Amen.

                    APRIL
          An extra prayer for the Conner
          family. That you may comfort them
          and love them during their
          hardship.

This is clearly a break in form and Josh squirms with
discomfort. He shoots a glare at April.
                                                            7.


                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Amen.

                    EVERYONE
          Amen.

                    ISABELLA
          Something going on with the Conners
          mom?

April looks to Josh- she clearly wants to say something and
he’s not happy about it-- so he jumps in before she can.

                    JOSH
          They were neglectful, always were-
          now they’re dealing with the
          repercussions. End of story, now go
          on and eat.

April shoots a glance back at Josh as SILENCE falls over the
table and everyone eats. Eventually Josh changes the subject--

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          I scheduled an extra practice
          Saturday by the way. Sunday’s gonna
          be a tough one...

April nods as the hush returns like a blanket of snow.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - KITCHEN - SINK - LATER

The kids have left and Josh and April finish cleaning up.

                    JOSH
          What’s the point of bringing it up
          is all? I mean thank goodness
          someone called it in, you know?
          Besides- who wants to talk about
          that stuff?

                    APRIL
          They know Mary and Dave’s kids. Do
          you think if we don’t talk about it
          they won’t notice?

                    JOSH
          There’s plenty of good things for
          them to notice. Do you know how
          lucky we are? To have all the
          things we have?

                    APRIL
          I know, but--
                                                           8.


                    JOSH
          What we have is special. We are
          safe, we have security, a roof over
          our head, friends... Those are
          things that a lot of good people
          fought and died for in this
          country. Hell- their dad was one of
          them.

                    APRIL
          Don’t you think I know th--

                    JOSH
          I’m just saying they shouldn’t ever
          forget that.

                    APRIL
          Of course not... but there’s
          nothing wrong with caring, Josh.

                    JOSH
          What? Like the Anderson Seven?

                    APRIL
          You know that’s not what I’m saying-

                    JOSH
              (quoting something)
          “Let ‘em through, let ’em through-
          God told me to let ‘em through”

                    APRIL
          This is different.

                    JOSH
          Everything has consequences.

April looks at him with a slight unease. There’s something
she wants to ask.

                    APRIL
          It wasn’t you who called them in
          was it?

Josh deflates- just stares back at her.    But he doesn’t rush
to deny it.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          I mean, you wouldn’t do that but...

He declines to elaborate. He just sighs and exits, leaving
April equal parts guilty and unsure.

                                                  FADE OUT.
                                                         9.


OVER BLACK-
                         “Thursday”

PRELAP the sound of a SHOPPING CART on pavement.


EXT. SUPERMARKET - DAY

April pushes her cart toward the sliding doors. She smiles at
a familiar worker and is soon passing some STUDENTS hawking
PETITIONS.

                    STUDENT
          Will you sign a petition to stop
          family separations at the border
          today?

                    APRIL
          Already have- thank you...


INT. SUPERMARKET - DAY

A normal American grocery store. Normal enough. April moves
through the aisles with Posey in the cart.

She picks up a dozen EGGS. Some CANNED GOODS. Some CELERY.
Inspects some APPLES when she’s joined by a FRIENDLY SHOPPER.

                     FRIENDLY SHOPPER
          They’re really good. My kids ate
          ‘em all an hour after I brought
          them home.

                    APRIL
          My kids aren’t big into apples but
          my they do look good...


INT. SUPERMARKET CHECKOUT LINE - LATER

April waits in the express lane, behind an OLD MAN being rung
up by a kindly cashier, named BOONE.

                    BOONE
          That’s twenty-four fifty.

The Old Man hands him some money, then matter of factly
places his WRIST on a SCANNING DEVICE which quickly BEEPS.

BOONE hands back his CHANGE AND RECEIPT.

                    BOONE (CONT'D)
          There you go sir, have a good one.
                                                          10.


April’s next. Greets him with a smile as he rings her up -

                       APRIL
             Hey Boone, how’s things?

                       BOONE
             Oh you know. Same stuff different
             day.

                       APRIL
             Of course. You going to the game
             Sunday?

                        BOONE
             Got Amy to switch my shift.
                 (then)
             That’s twenty even.

April hands him a twenty and routinely puts her wrist on the
machine. BEEP. She grabs her bag and gets on her way.

                       APRIL
             Thanks.

                                                   FADE OUT:


OVER BLACK

PRELAP the sound of a CHEERING CROWD and a referee WHISTLE-


EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD - STANDS - NIGHT

Josh stands on the sidelines BARKING ORDERS to his high
school PLAYERS. It’s the last play of the game, the crowd
eating it up.

IN THE STANDS, April has Posey on her lap, cheering on their
local team.


EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD - PARKING LOT - LATER

Out of sight of the crowds, Isabella and Cole have found a
perfect spot. Giggling and closeness precedes the moment
she’s been waiting for.

He kisses her cheek and gently places his hand on her waist.
She smiles and he kisses her on the mouth, the tempo quickens-

                       ISABELLA
             Wait.
                                                         11.


Pause button pushed, he pulls back. Is he moving too fast?
She holds him from retreating further.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          When was the last time you were
          checked?

He hangs his head. Moment ruined.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Sorry. It’s just that my stepdad is
          always -- I’m sorry. He’s such a
          fucking dick...

He steps back and nods, defeated.

                    COLE
          Yeah I know. I get it... My dad’s
          the same way.

                    ISABELLA
          I mean it’s just... I’m sorr-

                    COLE
          You don’t have to be... My dad’s a
          freak about it too.

Isabella decides to push it aside, desperately wanting to
reclaim the kiss.

                    ISABELLA
          We don’t have to listen to them...

She reaches up and moves closer.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Forget them, let’s just--

She kisses him, but she can tell from his lips- the moment
has passed.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Moment’s passed, huh?

He smiles awkwardly, agreeing with the sentiment.

                    COLE
          Game’s almost over anyway...

She reluctantly nods in understanding but she’s clearly
crushed as any lust struck teen would be. She chokes back
her disappointment as they leave the private area.

                                                    CUT TO:
                                                         12.


BACK AT THE GAME the final WHISTLE BLOWS-- signaling victory
for the home team.

                                                   CUT TO:

Moments later, April gives Posey to Josh.

                    APRIL
          Congratulations coach...

Josh winks at her, taking Posey.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Can you take her in your car? Me
          and Bella will pick up some dinner.

He agrees just as April notices an ELDERLY WOMAN with TWO
YOUNG CHILDREN headed for the exits. Something occurs to
her.


EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD - EXITS - NIGHT

The ELDERLY WOMAN shepherds the young kids through the crowd.

                    APRIL (O.S.)
          Ann?

ANN turns around to see April.

                    ANN
          Oh April so nice to see you.

                    APRIL
          Nice to see you. I noticed that
          you’re with the kids- is everything
          okay with Mary and Dave?

Ann is not comfortable with this question- not here.

                    ANN
          They’re um....... It’s fine.
          Everything’s fine.

But April notices tears begin to well up in the woman’s eyes.
She’s obviously not telling the truth.

                    APRIL
          Ann?

Ann turns and melts into the crowd.   April is concerned but--

                    ISABELLA (O.S.)
          Mom?
                                                        13.


Isabella is behind her, looking pretty upset herself.

                      APRIL
          You okay?

                    ISABELLA
          Can we just go?

And as Isabella blows past and heads for the parking lot...


INT. CAR - LATER

April and Isabella drive along in SILENCE. April tries to
engage her, like moms do.

                    APRIL
          I saw Cole- did you see him? He’s
          pretty cute, huh?

                    ISABELLA
          I don’t want to talk about it...

                    APRIL
          Everything okay?

                    ISABELLA
          Why’s everything gotta be so hard?

Isabella tries to hide a tear from April.

                    APRIL
          Oh Honey. I know sometimes even the
          simple things seem hard in this
          world. I mean the way the world is.

                    ISABELLA
          Can’t we just forget all this? Go
          somewhere better?

                    APRIL
          Like where? There is nowhere else.

                    ISABELLA
          What about Appalachia? People talk
          about that.

                    APRIL
          Oh honey, that’s not real. I think
          you know that.

                    ISABELLA
          It could be. Anywhere would be
          better then here.
                                                          14.


                    APRIL
          No. That’s just a story people tell
          to give themselves hope. People
          need hope sweetheart.

                    ISABELLA
          So it’s a lie-

                    APRIL
          No. It’s more like faith...
          Something to believe in. Something
          that keeps them going.

April searches for direction. It’s a moment that every parent
faces and April looks for a spark.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Do you remember Grandma and
          Grandpapa’s place at the lake?

Nothing. She continues.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          That lake was pretty murky.
          Basically a big mud puddle really--
          and so many sunken trees at the
          bottom. Like- a giant trap for
          catching kids limbs. It’s a wonder
          they ever let us swim in it. As
          you’ll recall Grandma had a pretty
          wide definition on what was safe
          for children.

This memory has pulled Isabella out of her shell a bit.

                    ISABELLA
          She gave me a BB gun when I was
          five.

                    APRIL
          And firecrackers!

Isabella smiles a little.

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
          So you remember...
              (beat)
          Well one time, I must have been 6
          or 7, I was jumping off the deck
          into the lake with my cousins. Even
          Grandma said that that was too
          dangerous to do -so you can
          imagine...
              (then)
                     (MORE)
                                                        15.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Well sure enough, my legs got
          caught in those limbs at the bottom
          and I was trapped. I couldn’t tell
          up from down and I was starting to
          panic. You know with my eyes
          clamped shut to keep out that muddy
          water. You know the way little kids
          do. The way Posey does.

April comically imitates a small child squeezing their eyes
shut. Isabella smiles.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          It’s a miracle I didn’t drown.

                    ISABELLA
          Did someone jump in and save you?

                    APRIL
          No. Those kids didn’t even notice I
          was gone.

                    ISABELLA
          So what happened?

                    APRIL
          I remembered something Grandpapa
          said to me. He said if you ever get
          in trouble underwater, open your
          eyes and swim toward the light.
          That’s what I did and I found my
          way out.
              (a smile, then)
          I made quite a show of it. Crying
          and screaming- snot running down my
          face. I was angling for a grilled
          cheese and tomato soup. Grandma’s
          cure for near-death trauma.

This jars a happy memory loose in Isabella’s mind.

                    ISABELLA
          Grilled cheese and tomato... I
          remember that.

April reaches over and rubs her neck.

                    APRIL
          You just got to swim toward the
          light Sweetheart... Sometimes it’s
          the only choice we got.

Isabella would never admit it, but she gets it.
                                                        16.


I/E. CAR - LATER

April and Isabella cruise through the suburban streets, mid
conversation. The mood is lighter than before.

As April rounds the corner she notices-- FLASHING LIGHTS AND
POLICE VEHICLES. NEIGHBORS are gathering and moving toward
one of the houses on her block.

                    ISABELLA
          What’s going on?

                     APRIL
          Oh no...

As they grow closer, a terrible realization creeps over them.
IT’S THEIR HOUSE.

April pulls the car over and marches toward the house. The
front door is open and a terrifying collection of AUTHORITIES
has gathered around. This is not a random police action.

UNITED STATES VECTOR CONTROL or USVC is printed prominently
on the side of one of the vans. Figures dressed in PPE SUITS
from head to toe look like aliens emerging from the vehicle.

April’s mind races. Who’s this for? Is it Josh? That’s when--

JOSH EMERGES FROM THE CROWD to greet her- his EXPRESSION IS
GRAVE. She does the math and with sudden horror-

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
          Posey!

April charges toward the house but JOSH STEPS IN FRONT OF
HER, ARMS RAISED-- STOPPING HER.

                    JOSH
          April... wait-

                    APRIL
          Who is it? Is it Posey?

                     JOSH
          April just calm down and listen-
          This is...

                    APRIL
          Josh, I asked you a question. Is it
          my little girl? Tell me right now.

Josh gestures to a uniformed man named COLONEL JIM BEDFORD-
who arrives with his HANDS RAISED much like Josh.
                                                         17.


                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Ma’am please calm down- everything
          is going to be fine.

                    APRIL
          Where’s my daughter? You’re not
          taking her away!

Isabella, scared, tries to interject.

                     ISABELLA
          Josh..?

                    JOSH
          She’s fine.

The Colonel’s right hand man, MAJOR STENZ joins in the
chaotic conversation.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          There’s nothing to be alarmed
          about, ma’am, this is just-

                    APRIL
          Where is she?

                    JOSH
          She’s sleeping. She’s fine.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Ma’am were you at the--

                    APRIL
          I want to see-

April tries to get through the narrow space between her
husband and the Colonel- but they THROW THEIR HANDS UP AND
STEP BACK AS IF SHE WERE A LEPER.

                    EVERYONE
          WHOA! HOLD IT!

                    MAJOR STENZ
          STAY WHERE YOU ARE MA’AM.

                    JOSH
          Honey- just hang on. Hear them out.

April FREEZES, taken aback by the tone. Isabella can’t help
but notice the dynamic- tries again for answers.

                     ISABELLA
          Josh...?
                                                      18.


But April already knows.

                    APRIL
          Oh God- is it me...?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Ma’am please. This is just a
          precaution.

                    APRIL
          Is it me? But... no...

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          You were at the FreshMart on Route
          6 Friday, yes?

                    APRIL
          Yes...

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          An employee on register 3 was
          flagged during an employer health
          check.

                    APRIL
          Boone?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          To confirm or deny would violate
          the subject’s right to privacy.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          What we can say is we need to do
          our due diligence with people that
          had direct contact with the
          subject.

                    APRIL
          Meaning what?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          We’d just like to have you in, ask
          a few questions and do a quick
          test. The subject is not yet within
          the transmission window, so there’s
          nothing to worry about- but we are
          required to double check.

It’s a lot to take in.   She shoots a look to Josh.

                    JOSH
          They said it’d only be a couple
          hours...
                                                        19.


                    ISABELLA
          Can she refuse?

                    JOSH
          Bella- Let these men do their job-

                      APRIL
          Can I?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          You could, but you’d need a lawyer
          to petition the court. And you
          would have to be kept under
          observation by a professional at
          your home at your own expense.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          It would take about ten days.

                      JOSH/APRIL
          Ten days?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          That what you’d like to do ma’am?

                      ISABELLA
          Yes.

                      JOSH
          Bella-

Isabella clams up as April thinks. Ten days doesn’t sound
appealing. Unsure, she looks to her husband for guidance.

They share a long stare at one another, until Josh gives a
subtle shrug as if to say, “The easy way is better.”

April takes that in and finally says-

                    APRIL
          Wouldn’t want to waste the money...

                    ISABELLA
          Mom no. Josh, don’t let her-

                    JOSH
          It’s ok. She won’t be long.

                    APRIL
          It’s ok honey. I’ll see you soon.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Thank you ma’am. We will have you
          back as soon as possible.
                                                           20.


They watch as April is led to a nearby VAN and takes a seat.

                    ISABELLA
          Can we go with her?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          You won’t be allowed in, best to
          wait until she’s released...

Seated alone, April shares a fake smile for her family...

                    APRIL
          It’s gonna be okay honey.

The door SLIDES CLOSED. Josh heads back home, leaving
Isabella fighting back tears... looking around... embarrassed
because people might see.

She soon sees Cole- looking upon her with sympathy.   A moment
of hope as she works his way toward him-

                    ISABELLA
          What do I do? I don’t know what to
          do...

But before Cole can answer, MATT interrupts.

                    MATT
          Stay back...

She stops, confused.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          I’m sorry about your mom, but you
          need to stay away now...

                       COLE
          Dad--

Matt stares daggers at Cole, who immediately backs down.

Isabella can’t believe her eyes. She looks to Cole who wants
to speak, but is clearly afraid of his dad.

                       ISABELLA
          Cole...?

He looks down, ashamed. Isabella is broken hearted, tears
flowing freely as Matt, Cole, Jen and the rest of the
neighbors back away from her...

...leaving her increasingly alone on her own front lawn.

                                                  CUT TO:
                                                          21.


I/E. VAN - SUBURBS - NIGHT

Equally alone, April watches from inside the van as the
houses and businesses of her community pass by.

The van is amidst a convoy of USVC vehicles consisting of
local and state police, light military transports and three
additional USVC vans identical to the one April rides in.


EXT. U.S. VECTOR CONTROL CENTER 38 - NIGHT

The police vehicles peel off from the USVC convoy as they
enter a CAMPUS OF INSTITUTIONAL BRICK BUILDINGS, ringed in by
layers of FENCING AND CONCERTINA WIRE.

A closer look indicates the complex is a large midwestern
HIGH SCHOOL long-ago repurposed for USVC operations.

A sign reads UNITED STATES VECTOR CONTROL STATION 38 -
CHATHAM COUNTY PUBLIC HEALTH CENTER.

April takes it all in as the vans pull up before an entrance,
greeted by four SMALL TEAMS of USVC PERSONNEL in PPE suits.

The doors of April’s van slide open and April looks to the
handsome USVC NURSE before her, greeting her with a smile.

                    MALE NURSE
          Hi. May I see your right wrist
          please?

April extends her arm. The nurse quickly affixes an ORANGE ID
BAND to her wrist.

                    MALE NURSE (CONT'D)
          Orange three. Don’t forget that.

She is led by one of the teams toward a large building.

She looks around to see others escorted from the remaining
vans. ONE IS THE FRIENDLY WOMAN who she talked to while
buying apples at the store.

ANOTHER IS THE OLD MAN from the register line.   They look as
freaked out as she does.

NEARBY, the USVC TEAM including the Colonel and Major, go
through a SECURITY LINE outside a DOOR.

Their items go through a MACHINE akin to an airport scanner
while they put their fingers in a TESTING DEVICE. GREEN
LIGHTS ALLOW THEM ACCESS through the door.
                                                          22.


This seems like something they do several times a day.


INT. PUBLIC HEALTH STATION - MOMENTS LATER

April is escorted into a cavernous space which has been
retrofitted into a field hospital of sorts. A ROW of
aluminum-framed plexiglass COMPARTMENTS containing exam
equipment and institutional furniture fill the space.

The sterile and functional aesthetic is broken up by
PATRIOTIC WALL ART designed to calm and inspire both workers
and visitors.


INT. PUBLIC HEALTH STATION - PLEXI COMPARTMENT - LATER

CLOSE ON A BLOOD DRAW from April’s arm. April looks through
the plexiglass to see the Old Man and Apple Woman from the
store going through the same routine in other compartments.

                    FEMALE VOICE (O.S.)
          There we go...

April snaps out of the moment, refocusing on the FEMALE
DOCTOR bandaging up her arm and placing the blood sample in a
small centrifuge-like device connected to a computer.

                    DOCTOR
          It’ll be just a minute...

She picks up a TABLET and looks it over while April eyes a
familiar sight hung outside the plexiglass chamber--

A LARGE EDUCATIONAL MAP FEATURING NORTH AMERICA-- but MOST OF
THE STATES ARE BLACK except for the 16 STATES east of the
Mississippi River and North of the Ohio River which are red,
white and blue.

Now we know why the American Flags only have 16 stars.

                    DOCTOR (CONT'D)
          Been feeling okay?

                    APRIL
          Fine... Normal.

                    DOCTOR
          Good. Headaches? Trouble sleeping?

                    APRIL
          Ummm... well...

The Doctor smiles.
                                                          23.


                    DOCTOR
          I mean more often than a mom of two
          would normally have.

April smiles back.   The woman’s warmth is appreciated.

                    DOCTOR (CONT'D)
          I just have to ask the questions.
          Check the boxes. Part of the
          routine. Okay? I do this all day
          long. Did you touch any blood?
              (off April’s head shake)
          Do you remember if he coughed?

                    APRIL
          Coughed? I don’t think so...

                    DOCTOR
          Good. As you know, the condition is
          transmitted through blood contact.
          He is stage one and he had no open
          wounds, so unless he was aspirating
          blood particles and you breathed
          them in, there’s almost zero chance
          of transmission. Don’t worry,
          you’ll be mommin’ again in no time.

                     APRIL
          Good.

                    DOCTOR
          When was your last test?

                    APRIL
          Two weeks ago. Just a home one...

                     DOCTOR
          Good.

She checks off a box on the tablet.

                    DOCTOR (CONT'D)
          My kids are both married off.
          Believe it or not, you’ll miss all
          the chaos once they’re gone...

April appreciates the comment with a grin, then-

                    APRIL
          Are we almost done?

                    DOCTOR
          Two more questions. Are you
          allergic to anything?
                                                           24.


                       APRIL
             How many people from the market
             have you seen?

                       DOCTOR
             Twenty. None positive.

April notices a NURSE leading the APPLE WOMAN out of the
compartment next to hers. She gives April a smile and a
thumbs up as she passes.

                         DOCTOR (CONT'D)
             See?

Relieved, April heaves a sigh.

                       DOCTOR (CONT'D)
             So-- Allergies?

                         APRIL
             No. None.

                         DOCTOR
             Good.

April looks to the OTHER COMPARTMENT where the Old Man is
having his wristband SNIPPED OFF. April smiles as he exits.

                       DOCTOR (CONT'D)
             The field guys are a bit
             overzealous, sure-- But no one
             wants another Anderson Seven, you
             know? “Let ‘em through...”

A tiny BEEP and the centrifuge stops spinning. April looks
to the Doctor as she turns her attention to the computer.

                       DOCTOR (CONT'D)
             Ok... just have to-

She hits a few keys, CLICKS her trackpad matter of factly.
April picks up her jacket.

                       APRIL
             Ok let’s go. Last question?

No answer.    The Doctor is distracted by the computer.

                       APRIL (CONT'D)
             What’s the last question?     You said
             one more question so...

NO ANSWER from the Doctor. April can’t help but notice she’s
no longer smiling.
                                                         25.


Not a peep, SILENCE besides the CLICKS ON THE COMPUTER
TRACKPAD. It’s maddening to April.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Can you just ask the question
          please? Doctor?

The Doctor PUSHES A BUTTON on the desk- it blinks silently.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          What’s that?

The Doctor plucks some NITRILE GLOVES from a box on the table
and puts them on.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Doctor?

Gravely serious, the Doctor lifts her face mask from her neck
and puts it on.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          What? What’s going on...? Tell me
          what’s going on...

April draws closer. The Doctor backs up to the door.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Hey! What’s going on? Talk to me...

The Doctor continues to back off, but doesn’t respond. She
exits the room and --

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          HEY!

--SLAMS the DOOR SHUT ON APRIL.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          HEY!!

APRIL RAPS on the plexiglass as the Doctor confers with a
uniformed USVC OFFICER- ignoring her pleas.

He signals to nearby ORDERLIES who descend on the compartment
with professional haste.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          I think there’s been a mistake...
          There’s been a mistake.

Instantly the orderlies POP LATCHES on the corners of the
compartment to release CASTERS that make it easily movable.
                                                          26.


Within seconds she’s being pushed down the aisle- powerless
and terrified.

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
          WAIT!   STOP! WAIT!!

No one answers. They continue to push her toward the gaping
maw of a FREIGHT ELEVATOR. April implores them for help.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Stop! I need to talk to somebody!
          Just wait! Please!

It’s useless. CLANG! The compartment fits snugly in the
freight elevator with a loud clatter.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!

CLANG! The doors SLAM TOGETHER like the mouth of a giant
beast- sealing her from view and muting her cry for help.

                                              CUT TO BLACK:

A BEAT OVER BLACK as the sound fades. Then-

                    APRIL (PRE-LAP) (CONT'D)
          You can’t just keep people for days
          on end. I want to talk to my
          family. There’s been a mistake...

                    MAJOR STENZ (PRE-LAP)
          It’s a simple question ma’am...


INT. ISOLATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Not unlike a prison visiting situation, April is seated
across from a PLEXIGLASS WINDOW. She’s agitated and sweaty.
Behind her are two armed and hazmat suited GUARDS.

On the other side of it is Major Stenz from Vector Control,
seated at a table before a microphone.

                    APRIL
          It’s a mistake. What about the
          others? They were let go...

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Again--
              (reading)
          You are in quarantine.
                    (MORE)
                                                        27.

                    MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
          USVC and therefore the Department
          of Public Health has found through
          testing of your blood that you
          display the positive markers
          associated with the C5 virus, level
          two. Do you understand this
          information as it has been
          presented to you? Yes or no.

                    APRIL
          No. How can I be level two if Boone
          was level one?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          That’s not relevant. I’m asking if
          you understand what I’m telling you
              (reading)
          You are in quarantine. USVC and
          therefore, the Department of Public
          Health, has found through testing
          of your blood that you display the
          positive markers associated with
          the C5 virus level two. Do you
          understand this information as it
          has been presented to you? Yes or
          no?

She doesn’t answer, angrily wipes away the SWEAT from her
face with her sleeve.

                     MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
          We cannot move on until you answer
          the question. Yes or No--
              (then)
          You are in quarantine. USVC and
          therefore the Department of Pub--

                    APRIL
          I want a lawyer. You can’t just
          keep me here. I have rights.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Your rights have been revised under
          Article Two of the American Health
          Safety Act, subsection C. As such,
          you are--

                    APRIL
          Revised? What about my family?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          They’ve been tested. All negative.

COLONEL BEDFORD ENTERS THE MAJOR’S ROOM, looking impatient.
                                                        28.


                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          What’s the delay Major? Orange is
          up. Finish the protocol and get her
          to holding.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          I’m sorry sir. I’m having trouble
          with Section--

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Let me guess- Section L, question
          3.

                     MAJOR STENZ
          Yes sir.

Bedford turns his gaze to April, smiles. Leans over the mic.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          I apologize ma’am, the Major is
          still training. Allow me-
              (then, rote)
          You are in quarantine. USVC and
          therefore the Department of Public
          Health has found through testing of
          your blood that you display the
          positive markers associated with
          the C5 virus level two. Do you
          understand this information as it
          has been presented to you?

                    APRIL
          There’s been a mistake.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          A mistake with the question?

                     APRIL
          No.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          A mistake with the findings?

                     APRIL
          Yes.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Oh... I see. So you understand what
          I’m telling you, but you disagree
          with the findings? Is that what
          you’re saying?

                     APRIL
          Yes.
                                                         29.


                    COLONEL BEDFORD
              (to Major)
          She understands. That’s a yes on
          question three.

                    APRIL
          NO!

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Your dissent has been noted. In
          accordance with your revised rights
          these findings will be presented to
          the court for legal validation.
          Once validated, you will be
          relocated per the American Health
          and Safety Act to an area deemed
          safe and beneficial to public well
          being and security.

He pushes a button on the table before the major. The heavy
door next to April BUZZES and POPS OPEN.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          Proceed to holding.

April looks to the two ORDERLIES who motion for her to get up
and go. Meanwhile, the Major hangs his head.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Sorry sir- I get bothered
          sometimes, lose my focus.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          It’s normal. Don’t beat yourself
          up. You’re doing better than I did
          at your age...

Stenz appreciates the Colonel’s wisdom as he exits.


INT. USVC PROCESSING - CORRIDOR - LATER

April is escorted down a LONG CORRIDOR toward a set of
GUARDED DOORS.

A CROWD is heard beyond, along with MUFFLED PUBLIC ADDRESS
MESSAGES, all growing louder as they approach, until-

Guards OPEN THE DOORS and April enters a VAST SPACE beyond.
                                                           30.


INT. USVC PROCESSING - HOLDING - CONTINUOUS

A holding center. FOUR AISLES of HURRICANE FENCE HOLDING
CAGES, each one containing a dozen DETAINEES. Some scream,
some pace about, others sleep under foil emergency blankets.

A voice continually talks over the PA SYSTEM.

                    PA SYSTEM (O.S.)
          Orange one through ten- Your legal
          status is in validation. Please
          stand ready...

April is led down the ORANGE CODED AISLE. She can’t believe
the sights she’s witnessing. Eventually a MAN’S VOICE pokes
through the din.

                    MAN’S VOICE (O.S.)
          Hey! Over here!

April turns to see BOONE THE CASHIER trying to get her
attention from a passing cage.

                    BOONE
          It’s not my fault...

April just keeps moving, unsure what to think when-

                     PA SYSTEM (O.S.)
          Orange one through ten- Your legal
          status has been validated. Please
          proceed...

BUZZ-CLANK. The doors in the aisle are UNLOCKED and OPENED
BY WAITING GUARDS. The aisle begins to flood with detainees
headed in the same direction as April.

Boone is one of those people- he tries to make his way
through the throng, but can’t.

April is too busy trying to see where they are headed to
notice. She looks to a TALL WOMAN detainee.

                    APRIL
          Where are they taking us?

The tall woman squints ahead to see a big ROLLING GATE is
being opened--

                    TALL WOMAN
          Outside I think....

They both ponder this as the group moves toward the gate.
                                                          31.


                    TALL WOMAN (CONT'D)
          Where you from?

                    APRIL
          Wynton. You?

                    TALL WOMAN
          Meecham. I’m Lynn.

                    APRIL
          April.

As they draw closer and file through the gate, they can
finally see they are emerging onto--


EXT. USVC PROCESSING - SHIPPING DOCK - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT

A well guarded SHIPPING DOCK plays host to FOUR SEMI-TRUCKS
backed into it- their SHIPPING CONTAINERS open and ready to
receive the detainees.

                    LYNN
          Guy in my cell said they have
          quarantine camps in the North. A
          guard told him there’s phones and
          you can have visitors...

A crying CHILD (GINNY, 6) gets their attention. She’s looking
for someone, gripping her STUFFED HEDGEHOG tight.

                    GINNY
          Daddy...? Daddy?

Lynn and April react with concern, but before they can get to
the little girl--

                    FATHER
          Ginny! I’m here!

Her FATHER breaks through the crowd and SCOOPS HER UP. They
breathe a sigh of relief as he comforts her and everyone
continues to move along...

Soon enough they are ENTERING ONE OF THE DARK CONTAINERS.


INT. SHIPPING CONTAINER - CONTINUOUS

April looks to other detainees for some clue as to what to
feel, but they seem to be looking to her for the same thing.

CLANG- one by one the container doors are SHUT-- sealing the
detainees off from the dock lights, leaving them in the dark.
                                                           32.


MURMURS of concern take over the group, but are soon drowned
out by the diesel rigs STARTING UP.

A couple of TINY HOLES IN THE STEEL let in just enough light
to illuminate the fear they are experiencing.

The sound of every bump on every inch of pavement is all they
have to try and divine where they’re headed.

                    APRIL
              (sotto)
          Keep me safe, my God, for in you I
          take refuge. I say to the Lord,
          “You are my Lord; apart from you I
          have no good thing...”

OTHER PRAYERS can be heard as April repeats her psalm.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Keep me safe, my God, for in you I
          take refuge. I say to the Lord...”

Calm and focus begin to overtake the container as still
others JOIN IN.

                    LYNN
          ...“You are my Lord; apart from you
          I have no good thing...”

The tiny PINPRICKS OF LIGHT barely illuminate HANDS finding
one another in the dark, GRIPPING TIGHT WITH HOPE. It’s as
beautiful as it is heartbreaking, until suddenly--

SQUEAK-HISS.   Air brakes bring the container to a stop.

CREAK. The SOUND of a door on the cab of the truck OPENING-
followed by the FOOTSTEPS of the driver exiting it. Then-

    CLINKING...   metal on metal...

         HISS-CLANK-HISS... like an air line being unhooked.

               SCRAPING... like the grinding of a lever.

CLANG! The entire container SHUDDERS.

GASPS of surprise inside, while outside-

    MORE FOOTSTEPS, first on GRAVEL, then on STEEL.

         SLAM! The door of the cab closing...

               ROARING OF THE ENGINE-   throttling up until-
                                                           33.


CLANG! The container SHUDDERS AGAIN as we hear the cab DETACH
and DRIVE AWAY.

                     VOICES (IN DARK)
           They’re leaving! Where are they
           going? Where are we!?

People try to see out the tiny pinholes in the metal walls
for any clue to what’s happening. It’s no use.

                     LYNN
           What the fuck is going on? They’re
           just gonna fucking strand us...?

And as the last decibels of the cab DRIVING OFF are heard...

                     APRIL
           No... listen.

A DISTANT RHYTHMIC THUMP. The detainees strain to identify
it. Within seconds it’s clear what it is...

ROTORS screwing through the air- growing LOUDER as they draw
near. Multiple HELICOPTERS approaching- no question of it.

Moments later the sound of SAND AND GRAVEL pelting the steel
walls of the container precede the arrival of the aircraft
OVERHEAD.

Detainees YELL to be heard, but the engine noise is too loud
to discern anything.

CLANG!! Like an anchor was dropped on the ceiling.

SCRAAAPE!! Something heavy grinds atop the container UNTIL--

CLINK!   More metal on metal- the sound of CHAINS unfurling.

BOOM!! The container LURCHES and METAL CREAKS VIOLENTLY.

PEOPLE SCREAM as it all builds to a definitive conclusion--

    -- THEY HAVE BEEN LIFTED FROM THE GROUND.

April makes her way to one of the PINHOLES- Presses her eye
against it to see--


APRIL’S POV

THREE OTHER HELICOPTERS carrying CONTAINERS westward through
the night-- a HALF-MOON in the sky ahead. Beneath that, on
the horizon, is the WALL.
                                                        34.


It’s no more than a mile away, and they are fast crossing
over it. And for the first time we can clearly see their
world for what it is:

THE WALL SNAKES ALONG THE BANKS OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.

Soon enough we begin to NOTICE that there are LIT UP TOWNS ON
ONE SIDE OF THE RIVER WHILST THE OTHER SIDE IS A DARK AND
LIFELESS URBAN SKYLINE.

A long dreadful moment as that excruciating fact sinks in and-


INT. CONTAINER - NIGHT

Inside the container, people resume fighting to try and see
through the pinprick holes in the steel.

The rotors are too loud to make out their voices, but the
sound of the HELICOPTER PA is enough to cut through the din--

                    HELICOPTER PA (O.S.)
          Attention. Be advised by order of
          the court you have been deemed a
          clear and present danger to the
          United States and as such, in
          accordance with Federal Law
          governing those with revised
          rights, you will be deported,
          effective immediately.

A wave of shock ripples through the container.

                    HELICOPTER PA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
          This decision is final and appeals
          will not be heard.

CLANG! The sound of BOLTS POPPING and suddenly the CONTAINER
DROPS. People leave the floor for a brief moment and --

CRASH! They HIT THE GROUND.    The STEEL WALLS BEND OUTWARD
from the impact-- POPPING OPEN THE DOORS and OPENING THE
CONTAINER TO THE OUTSIDE WORLD.

HOT SPOTLIGHT FLARE floods the compartment as April and the
rest scramble outside to find--


EXT. INDUSTRIAL RIVERBANK - NIGHT

The helicopter shines its SPOTLIGHT down on the deportees as
they scamper out into the mud and head for dry ground.
                                                           35.


April tries to get her bearings. Behind her, the MISSISSIPPI
RIVER flows... and 500 yards beyond that - CONCERTINA WIRE
LINING THE OPPOSITE RIVERBANK and THE WALL BEYOND, bisecting
the horizon.

They’re over the wall, over the river, in another world.

April sees Lynn fighting her way out of the crushed
container. She makes her way past fleeing people just as--

WHAM!!! Another Helicopter drops a CONTAINER into the mud a
few yards away- popping off the doors in much the same
manner.

April grabs Lynn and pulls her in the opposite direction when-

WHAM!! Helicopter three drops its container as well. BUT
THIS ONE FALLS DOORS FIRST IN THE MUD-- Preventing any chance
of escape.

April and Lynn see this in horror.

                       APRIL
          Oh my God.

They run to help- All they can do is search the container in
vain while the FRENZIED BANGING of those trapped inside fills
their ears.

Still under the glare of the spotlights from above, the LAST
OF THE CONTAINERS DROPS ONTO one of the many OLDER RUSTED OUT
CONTAINERS that line the bank.

It SHEARS at its midpoint, releasing the horrified occupants
who scamper out.

Then from above--

                    HELICOPTER PA (O.S.)
          Do not attempt to cross the river.
          Any attempt to re-enter the United
          States will be deemed an act of
          aggression and met with lethal
          force.

And with that, the helos turn and head back over the river.
The roar of the rotorwash soon gives way to the sounds of
those left behind-- CRYING, BEWILDERMENT, SCREAMS OF ANGER.

                    LYNN
              (at helicopters)
          You can’t do this!! Are you just
          gonna leave us with nothing you
          fucking pieces of shit!?!?
                                                         36.


                     APRIL (O.S.)
          Lynn!

April’s focus remains on the capsized container. She screams
out to anyone who will listen.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Help me!
              (to crowd)
          Anyone! Help!

Lynn and a few OTHERS join her by the SUBMERGED END OF THE
CONTAINER.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Dig out around the doors!

The dozen or so people help PULL MUD AWAY from the container
while those inside continue to SCREAM for help.

Lynn SLAMS the steel with a large ROCK, QUIETING the voices.

                    LYNN
          We hear you! We’re getting you out!

A symphony of GRUNTING AND STRAINED BREATHS as April and the
others continue to DIG... But the mud just rushes back as
soon as it’s cleared.

                    LYNN (CONT'D)
          This isn’t gonna work...

April just continues to dig, hoping against hope.

                     LYNN (CONT'D)
          April...

April doesn’t listen to her until--

A SCREAM from INLAND. The trees and looming skyline beyond
gives us little more than the sounds of agony and terror.

EVERYTHING STOPS as the dread sets in on the deported.   Then--

DOZENS OF INFECTED POUR OUT INTO THE OPEN. They are a crazed
horde of men, women and children- ghastly in appearance but
not undead. They are engines of rabid hostility unleashed
upon the deported. And someone just rang the dinner bell.

CHAOS. The living panic. It’s hard to see in the night as
they are quickly outnumbered. ATTACKED... BITTEN... SAVAGED.

Lynn and April clock this, but April won’t give up on freeing
the trapped.
                                                           37.


                    LYNN (CONT'D)
          Jesus. Let’s go.

                       APRIL
          Help me!

                       LYNN
          Let’s go!

Lynn sees SEVERAL PEOPLE running toward them with a group of
INFECTED in pursuit.

She grabs April and drags her away from the container.

                       APRIL
          NO!

Fleeing people RUN PAST THEM and SLOSH INTO THE RIVER to
escape the oncoming infected.

                       EMACIATED MAN
          COME BACK!

A scarred EMACIATED MAN in tattered old clothes who looks
like one of the infected, unexpectedly SPEAKS, yelling toward
the exiting helicopters.

                     EMACIATED MAN (CONT'D)
          They need to come back! I’m not
          one of them! Take me back! I’m not
          sick any--

POP! The back of his head BLOWS OPEN and he goes down right
in front of April.

Lynn drags April toward the water to follow the others when--

SPLASHES RIP ACROSS THE WATER-    PEOPLE GO DOWN as if SHOT.

A second later, the SOUND OF GUNSHOTS from across the river.
Distant MUZZLE FLASH is visible from atop the wall.

MORE PANIC as April and Lynn run from the river-- others
being CUT DOWN ALL AROUND BY BULLETS, THE INFECTED OR BOTH.

Amidst of the chaos, they stumble on GINNY, the little girl,
SCREAMING as an Infected ravages her DEAD FATHER. A moment
of shock before April scoops the girl up instinctively.

Clutching her hedgehog, Ginny screams for dad as GUNFIRE AND
MAULING continue all around. April follows Lynn best she can.

The mud is insanely slippery but they press on through a
VIRTUAL FOREST OF OLD RUSTY DECAYED CONTAINERS.
                                                          38.


Lynn sees a way through, edges ahead of April.

                      LYNN
          This way!

April follows but SLIPS and FALLS into the mud.   Behind her,
several INFECTED are bearing down on her.

                      APRIL
          WAIT!

But it’s too loud for Lynn to hear and she disappears from
view. There’s no way for April to get away and--

An INFECTED WOMAN GRABS GINNY and April tries to pull her
back. At the same time, an INFECTED MAN reaches for Ginny -
The infected woman reacts by attacking the MAN VICIOUSLY like
a dog defending a bone.

April has a chance to get away, but finds herself FACE TO
FACE with TWO INFECTED. And just when it looks like she’s
done for--

CLANG CLANG! The infected are distracted by BOONE- beating a
rod of REBAR against the rusty steel of an old container.

The distraction is just enough to get their attention and he
CHARGES them-- whacking away with the rebar as April uses the
moment to get away.

She looks back to see Boone RUN IN ANOTHER DIRECTION and lead
the infected away. She absorbs this sacrifice for a moment
before continuing with Ginny in Lynn’s direction.

                                                     CUT TO:

MOMENTS LATER, April scans for Lynn- looking around at the
carnage like a deer in the headlights. She’s quickly spotted
by some infected and before she can decide what to do-

                      LYNN (O.S.)
          APRIL!

April turns to see Lynn about twenty yards away on the FAR
SIDE OF A DEEP DRAINAGE RAVINE. She waves April over. Still
carrying Ginny, April immediately runs right at her as the
infected GIVE CHASE.

                      LYNN (CONT'D)
          C’MON!

April runs full out, but the infected are gaining.
                                                           39.


As she draws closer to Lynn she can see the Ravine is
functioning as ersatz MOAT- bogging down other infected in
the mire of mud and urban runoff.

                    LYNN (CONT'D)
          Jump!

April has no choice- it’s jump or nothing.   And at the last
possible moment she LEAPS and--

OOOF! Ginny FLIES FROM HER ARMS to waiting Lynn as April
lands chest-first on the edge of the far side of the ravine.
Behind her, infected fall into the muck like rabid lemmings.

April’s feet dangle before the mired infected. Lynn is quick
to SNATCH HER WRISTS AND DRAG HER OUT TO SAFETY. They barely
get a moment before they hear a CRY FOR HELP FROM NEARBY.

                    MALE VOICE (O.S.)
          HEY!!

A MUD COVERED MAN struggles to get out of the ravine nearby,
repeatedly sliding down to several infected stuck in the mud
around him-- tirelessly thrashing in an effort to get to him.

                    MUDDY MAN
          HELP ME!! PLEASE!

The women rush to his aid when April notices IT’S BOONE.

This gives her brief pause- but of course her heart quickly
gets the best of her and she helps PULL HIM UP.

                    BOONE
          Jesus thank you! Thank you!

For the first time, they’re able to scan the horrific scene
resembling a bloodbath not seen since the Civil War.

Then April notices the ravine is filled with enough infected
to make a ramp of sorts for the coming horde.

                    APRIL
          C’mon!

Lynn scoops up April and they all TAKE OFF RUNNING as the
first of many infected get OVER THE RAVINE AND CHASE THEM.


EXT. OVERGROWN INDUSTRIAL AREA - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER

April, Boone and Lynn (carrying Ginny) run full tilt through
the woods, half blinded by the darkness and further
handicapped by the thickening brush.
                                                           40.


Their HEAVING BREATHS dominate all as they finally emerge in
a small CLEARING. In the lead, Lynn pauses to look around.
April and Boone follow suit.

Only then can they hear the SOUND of INFECTED scampering
through OVER BLACKTOP and GRAVEL.

It sounds like a lot of them and not seeing them makes it
more terrifying.

Lynn squints in the darkness and manages to spot something-

                       LYNN
          There!

What’s left of a COLLAPSED WIRE FENCE straddling the
overgrown shoulders of a driveway is their best chance at
finding a hiding place. They run for the pathway as the
SOUNDS of the infected draw CLOSER.

April presses on her ribs- a stitch she can’t stop to service-

                       BOONE
          See that!?

And as Boone HUFFS on his way past her toward--


EXT. INDUSTRIAL SILOS - PRE-DAWN

The first photons of morning have brightened the sky to a
dull blue, providing enough light to show us--

An old INDUSTRIAL AGRI-STORAGE FACILITY, surrounded by
FENCING and a LOCKED GATE. A ramshackle three story concrete
husk of a building with SILOS, it seems to have been
abandoned mid-renovation- judging from the missing windows
and overgrown construction equipment surrounding it.

Boone is first to the fence and LOCKS HIS HANDS TOGETHER to
offer Lynn a lift over.

                    BOONE
          Go over! GO.

Lynn needs no prompting to step into his hands and get
HOISTED to the top of the fence with Ginny in her arms.    She
latches on, the RUSTY top crossmember BEGINS TO BEND.

With no choice, Lynn lowers Ginny on the other side and rolls
off the rickety fence to safety.

APRIL IS THE NEXT TO BE HELPED OVER. As soon as her weight
hits the crossmember it SNAPS and the fence quickly SAGS.
                                                          41.


INFECTED come into view- leaving Boone no choice but to climb
the wobbling unstructured fencing as the they close in.

He gets to the top as the infected arrive, but the fencing
sags BACKWARD- landing him right into the arms and mouths of
the ravenous infected.

HE SCREAMS as he’s eaten alive, letting go of the fence which
springs back up a few feet.

Lynn pulls Ginny’s face into her bosom and watches with April
as Boone dies as the accumulating infected PUSH ON THE FENCE.

They quickly RETREAT TO THE BUILDING, ENTERING THE OPEN
DOORWAY.


INT. SILO STORAGE BUILDING - MAIN ROOM - PRE-DAWN

Once inside, the winded women put down Ginny and look around
for stuff to block the entrance.

Lynn finds a STACK OF PLYWOOD.

                    LYNN
          Here!

She quickly muscles a sheet of plywood to the door. April
joins her to STAND IT UP AND BLOCK the entrance.

April spots a big heavy JOBSITE ROLLING TOOLCHEST and pushes
it up against the plywood.

                    APRIL
          Lock the wheels...

Lynn and April quickly LOCK OFF THE WHEELS and COLLAPSE to
the ground as the SCREAMS of Boone and the AGITATED HORDE
CONTINUE OUTSIDE.

For the first time, April can begin to absorb her new
reality. She’s in shock. Hyperventilating and COUGHING.

Gaining some wind, Lynn stands up and looks outside.   The
Infected remain on the other side of the fence.

The ones that can’t get to Boone are attacking each other
like rabid beasts.

                    LYNN
          Jesus they’re killing each other...

BLAAHK!! April, panting and still trembling with fear,
suddenly VOMITS- getting everyones attention.
                                                            42.


                      LYNN (CONT'D)
          You okay?

April nods, finally getting her breath.

                     APRIL
          Yeah.   Adrenaline...

April quickly concentrates on Ginny.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          It’s okay... we’re okay...

April truly wants to believe that.    She scoops up Ginny and
her Hedgehog.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          It’s okay, it’s okay...

Lynn assesses their surroundings, studying the pile of
PLYWOOD nearby. Then, through her heaving breaths-

                    LYNN
          I think we have enough wood to
          board this whole place up...

April realizes she may be somewhat in shock. She gets her
mind around the concept and agrees with a nod.

And as she joins Lynn rifling through the toolchest...

                                             SLOW FADE OUT:

A long beat of BLACK, then a title card-

                      “Saturday”

PRELAP the sound of light COUGHING, then-


INT. AGRICULTURAL STORAGE BUILDING - MAIN ROOM - MORNING

All windows and doors are sealed with plywood.   Daylight
seeps through the seams.

On the ground, a few scavenged items: A BOTTLE OF WATER, AN
OLD TWINKIE, A CAN OF DOG FOOD, an old PAPER ROAD MAP...

A small campfire smolders beneath A MAKESHIFT CHIMNEY the
women have made from salvaged pieces of ducting.

Another COUGH wakes Ginny as she sleeps on some cardboard.
Across from her the remains of the campfire to see Lynn lying
opposite her, SHIVERING.
                                                          43.


She looks pasty and pale, definitely feverish- like April a
few days ago. She quickly notices Ginny looking.

                    GINNY
          Are you okay?

Lynn tries to play it off, acting strong.

                    LYNN
          Fine honey- just a little cold...

She sits up, pulls her knees to her chest, still COUGHING.

                    LYNN (CONT'D)
          I get cold sometimes is a--

BLAHHH! She VOMITS, surprising them both. Lynn looks to the
EMPTY BEDDING where April likely sleeps- then back at the
vomit. IT’S ALMOST ENTIRELY BLOOD.

She’s overcome with terror for Ginny.

                    LYNN (CONT'D)
          You need to get away from me.

Ginny, clutching her hedgehog, doesn’t understand. Lynn
squirms in pain.

                    LYNN (CONT'D)
          Go find April! GO AWAY!

Ginny does as she’s told and runs to an adjoing room.

                       GINNY
          Aprilllll!


INT. AGRICULTURAL STORAGE - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS

Ginny heads for a door and enters-

                       GINNY
          April...?

The room is EMPTY.

Ginny backs out of the room, unsure what to do.

-ANOTHER PAINED SCREAM FROM LYNN...

...then the CLATTER AND CRASHES of things being knocked over.

Ginny turns to see what the matter is only to discover-
                                                           44.


APRIL AND LYNN ARE ENTANGLED and SCREAMING with intense
SAVAGERY-- For a moment it looks as if Lynn has turned.

Amid the insanity we see a SPLINTERED SCRAP of 2x4 has been
STABBED INTO APRIL’S CLAVICLE. It’s hard to comprehend what’s
happening until--

                       GINNY (CONT'D)
          LYNN STOP!

That’s when April rears back- a MOUTH FULL OF BLOOD AND GORE
as Lynn DROPS TO THE GROUND DEAD- chunks of flesh GNAWED OFF.

APRIL IS NO LONGER APRIL. She has the CRAZED EYES OF THE
INFECTED and she is BURNING A HOLE INTO INNOCENT GINNY.

Ginny DROPS HER HEDGEHOG TO THE GROUND AS APRIL POUNCES ON
HER. We stay focused on the plush toy as we are left to
wonder what could possibly save the defenseless little girl.

Horrific sounds ring out as we--

                                              CUT TO BLACK:

A long beat of SILENCE over BLACK, then --

A dull throbbing RHYTHM is barely heard. It slowly BUILDS.

TITLE CARD over BLACK:    “December”

                                              SLOW FADE IN:

A DIFFUSE GLOW, mysterious and undulating in time to the
music, slowly comes into focus.

Distorted by heavy red smoke, STRANGE FIGURES gesticulate and
contort to a MUFFLED DIN...

...It’s unsettling and entirely alien, but then the sound
begins to RESOLVE ITSELF AND REVEAL THE TRUTH--


EXT. BURNT OUT FACTORY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

-- It’s a party. HEAVY METAL music and a collection of
TEENAGERS DRINKING AND DANCING AROUND A BONFIRE outside an
old abandoned factory on a winter night.

Alcohol flows freely as bedraggled teens deal with their
worlds’ dark reality in the most unhealthy way possible.

Dipping into conversations, an older TEEN girl gabs with
friends as her embarrassing LITTLE BROTHER desperately tries
to fit in with a beer.
                                                        45.


                    LITTLE BROTHER
          ...well I heard that even if you
          get sick you can get better...

                    BIG SISTER
          Shut up- grandma says that so you
          don’t get scared, loser! Grow up.

The KIDS LAUGH, while in a distant corner, out of view from
the crowd, a COUPLE drunkenly make out.

The YOUNG WOMAN and a YOUNG MAN try to devour each other’s
faces without a hint of irony. We see now that this woman is
ISABELLA, but this young man is NOT COLE. It’s someone new -
older and more dangerous.

He lowers her down to the ground and slips a hand into her
jeans. Her head falls back for a moment.

She’s swimming - too drunk. In fact she is blacking out, but
this doesn’t stop the young man... perhaps the opposite.


EXT. BURNT OUT FACTORY - BONFIRE - CONTINUOUS

Back at the bonfire, the party is boiling. We see a familiar
figure making his way through the crowd. It’s Cole and he’s
looking for her.

                    COLE
          Hey Beau- have you seen Bella?

                    BEAU
          What?

                    COLE
          Have you seen Bella?

                    BEAU
          Nope.

A group of girls walks by- he knows one of them.

                    COLE
          Tiff! Tiff!

                    TIFF
          Oh hey Cole.

                    COLE
          Have you seen Bella?

                    TIFF
          I thought you two broke up again?
                                                        46.


                    COLE
              (frustrated)
          Tiff please.

Tiff thinks about it then directs him toward the building.

                    TIFF
          Fine but don’t end up being a
          stalker okay?

Cole ignores this and heads toward the building. Tiff watches
as he charges off.

Tiff observes what unfolds-   Cole discovers Isabella. The
Young Man and Cole exchange HOSTILE WORDS unheard by her.

The Young Man SWINGS but is so drunk that Cole easily steps
around it. He pushes the drunk kid to the ground and quickly
collects a staggering Isabella.

Cole drags her away from the party, like a protesting rag
doll. They pass Tiff on their exit.

                    ISABELLA
          Where are we going?

                    COLE
          I’m taking you home.

                    ISABELLA
          I told you I don’t want to see you
          anymore--

                    COLE
          Fine- after I take you home you
          won’t have to see me anymore.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. COLE’S TRUCK - NIGHT - LATER

Cole has pulled his truck over on a rural road as Isabella
kneels outside, vomiting.

                     COLE
          It’s actually good you’re getting
          it out.
              (then)
          Here.

He throws her a bottle of water that FLIES BY HER UNNOTICED
and ROLLS INTO THE DITCH. Pained, Isabella climbs to her feet-
wiping her mouth on an oily rag from the floor.
                                                          47.


She flops onto the seat.

                    ISABELLA
          Do you have any water?

Cole smiles and POPS OUT OF THE TRUCK to retrieve the bottle
from the ditch. He carefully steps around the puke puddle and
hands her the bottle, after wiping it clean on his shirt.

As Isabella drinks greedily, Cole checks her condition.

                    COLE
          You feeling better?

                     ISABELLA
          A little bit. I just need to sober
          up before I go home.
              (then)
          Why are you even here? Your Daddy
          wouldn’t like it...

                    COLE
          How many times do I have to
          apolgize for him? Why can’t you
          just ignore him?

                    ISABELLA
          Sorry if I don’t like being chased
          away every time I wanted to see
          you... I’m over it.

Cole sighs, unable to relitigate the past yet again when-- a
carload of NOISY TEENS rolls by, SCREAMING at the top of
their lungs before leaving them in silence yet again.

Isabella tries to focus her thoughts.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          What if they came...?

                     COLE
          Huh?

                    ISABELLA
          What if they came for you?    What
          would you do?

Cole looks to her.

                    COLE
          I don’t know... fight maybe? Run?

                    ISABELLA
          Where? Appalachia?
                                                        48.


                    COLE
          That’s not real. I just mean I’d
          rather go out my own way.

A long mournful moment from Isabella and then-

                    ISABELLA
          What do you become?

                    COLE
          You know what people say...

                     ISABELLA
          Just say it.
              (then)
          A monster.

Emotion begins to well up in Isabella. She fears this is what
happened to her mother and it’s crushing her. Her eyes dart
away and we see how the loss of her mother has set her
totally adrift.

                    COLE
          Let’s get you back...

Isabella nods, appreciating that he cares.

                                                  CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY’S ROOM - LATER

From the way the room is decorated, it’s clear that Posey is
a little girl with vision. Elaborate hand drawn DECORATIONS
line the wall and a large collection of treasured junk is
strewn artistically on the shelves. It’s mom-less chaos.

ANGRY SHOUTING from ANOTHER ROOM wakes her. Half asleep, she
climbs out of bed and walks toward the noise.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

As Posey comes into the hall, the ARGUMENT can be made out
OFF CAMERA.

                    ISABELLA (O.C.)
          I was with friends! And since when
          did you give a fuck?

                    JOSH (O.C.)
          Watch your mouth! Comin’ home
          glazed in puke and smelling like
          cheap beer is no concern of mine?
                                                        49.


Posey makes her way toward the living room.

                    ISABELLA (O.C.)
          Oh you care so much? Like you
          cared about mom? You don’t give a
          shit about us!

                    JOSH
          Isabella! I’m here because I want
          to be. Maybe you should remember
          that, you little shit.

                    ISABELLA
          What the fuck are you playing at?
          Mom’s not here because of you! You
          were so scared to break the rules.
          Pussy!

                    JOSH
          Your mom may not have liked the
          rules but she knew we have to live
          by them! Why can’t you get it
          through your goddamned skull!?
          It’s not my fault.

                    ISABELLA
          I fucking hate you!

                    JOSH
          YEAH? WELL I’M ALL YOU FUCKING GOT!

Josh grabs her violently and pulls her close to his face.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          You know where you’d be without me?
          I should throw you out on your ass!
          Just remember that. She’s fuckin’
          dead! Remember that!

POSEY steps into the living room just as Isabella is wincing
from her stepdad’s rage.

Josh sees Posey almost instantly.

Shit! Isabella sees her too. Confused, she has tears in her
eyes. Shit! Shit!

A terrible SILENCE.

Overwhelmed, Isabella leaves the room in tears. Josh looks
to Posey, emotionally ill-equipped and exhausted.
                                                           50.


It’s clear that in April’s absence, the family has become
unmoored. They’re really not a family at all.

                                           SLOW FADE OUT:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - ISABELLA’S ROOM - MORNING

MORNING. Isabella, cocooned in bedding, sleeps soundly. Josh
knocks and enters. Isabella stirs and tries to focus.

                     ISABELLA
          What?

                    JOSH
          Get up. Make your sister breakfast
          and get her to school today.

                     ISABELLA
          Why...?

                    JOSH
          ‘Cause I said so- Maybe if you make
          yourself useful instead of fucking
          up, you’d learn something.

He rips the blankets off her.

                     JOSH (CONT'D)
          Come on!

                                                   CUT TO:


EXT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - MORNING

Isabella and Posey leave the house and head off to school.


EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - A SHORT TIME LATER

As they pass the neighbors’ house, Isabella notices Cole
peeking out the window at her.

He waves, happy to see her. She waves back, never breaking
stride. And as he watches her head down the block--


EXT. PARK - LATER

Isabella and Posey continue their walk. A smattering of SNOW
on the ground. Posey babbles as Isabella uses her phone.
                                                          51.


                    POSEY
          And so I said, “I want gummy
          anteaters,” and Cammy said she
          wanted gummy whales and it was so
          funny, isn’t it so funny?

                      ISABELLA
          Uh huh...

                    POSEY
          Why aren’t you listening!?

                      ISABELLA
          Uh huh...

It isn’t long before they come upon the park. But Bella is
too engrossed in her phone to notice Posey RUNNING OFF TO THE
PLAYGROUND EQUIPMENT until it’s too late.

                      ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Hey!    No park!

                    POSEY
          You sound like daddy!

                    ISABELLA
          His name is Josh not--

                    POSEY
          Let me swing!!

Isabella SIGHS and slumps on a bench and climbs back into her
phone as Posey tries to get a swing going by herself.

Ever more engrossed by her phone, time loses its meaning. It
takes quite some time before Isabella snaps back to reality.

                    ISABELLA
          Okay- Come on Posey... I’ve got
          shit to do!

The playground is EMPTY.    Where is Posey?

                      ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Posey!

A SCREAM from a nearby gully. It’s Posey.

                      ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Shit-

Adrenaline surging, Isabella jumps to her feet and runs
toward the scream.
                                                         52.


ANOTHER SCREAM! But this one is followed by a GIGGLE.

Isabella crests the lip of the gully to see Posey SITTING ON
THE GROUND, PLAYING with a YOUNG DOG. Its markings are an
EXACT MATCH to the puppy from months ago.

Hugely relieved, Isabella marches toward giggling Posey.
She’s about to give her a piece of her mind when something
shocks her.

DARK BLOODY GOO is smeared on Posey’s jacket and face.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Posey- what is that?

                    POSEY
          What is what?

Isabella wrenches her up from the ground and inspects her.

                    ISABELLA
          Are you cut?

                      POSEY
          I’m fine.

Isabella looks at the dog. IT’S MOUTH IS DRENCHED IN DARK
BLOOD.

                    ISABELLA
          Did it bite you!?

                      POSEY
          No!

                    ISABELLA
          It looks like blood- is it blood?!

Isabella rips off the disgusting coat and tosses it aside.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          SHIT SHIT SHIT! What is it!?

She turns to the dog.   It’s GONE.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Where’d it go!!!?

                    POSEY
          In the trees...

Isabella looks to the treeline.   Sees the dog disappear into
the woods.
                                                           53.


Unsettled, Isabella runs after it.

                    POSEY (CONT'D)
          What’s wrong? Where are you going?!


EXT. WOODS / GULLY - NIGHT

Isabella negotiates her way through the brush in the muddy
gully until she spots something up ahead. Posey follows her.

Soon enough she comes upon the dog wagging it’s tail in the
LAP of SOMEONE sitting against a tree.

She creeps closer until she sees a familiar sight--

THE DEAD HUNTER FROM THE OPENING.

Horrendously decomposed, the corpse’s stomach has been gnawed
open and what’s left of its entrails are on display. And
there stands the DOG- FEEDING on the corpse.

Bella fills with dread. Then she notices OTHER DOGS- muddy,
feral, with no collars-- perched in the undergrowth, feasting
on scavenged parts.

Bella is aghast. And like a low flying fighter jet, the
PRELAP of an EAR SPLITTING SCREAM COMES FULL until--

                                            SMASH CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY

The SCREAM continues. Isabella has Posey in the bathtub-
scrubbing her mercilessly and manically with gloves on.

                    POSEY
              (screaming and crying)
          Stop, stop. You’re hurting me!

Isabella takes no heed, terrified and consumed by it.

                    ISABELLA
          Stop moving! THIS IS IMPORTANT!

                    POSEY
          STOP STOP STOP!!!

With a SHOVE, Posey breaks free from her grasp, then HOPS OUT
OF THE TUB and COLLAPSES in the corner SOBBING.

This pathetic sight snaps Isabella’s panic. She grabs a
towel.
                                                         54.


                    ISABELLA
          I’m sorry. I’m sorry.

She walks over to her and wraps her up.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          I’m sorry, I’m sorry.

Posey embraces her and they sit on the floor entwined,
quietly crying. It’s both beautiful and sad.

A loud KNOCK at the bathroom door startles them.

                    JOSH (O.C.)
          What’s going on in there?

The girls share a look.

                    ISABELLA
              (sotto)
          You don’t say anything about this
          to him- okay?

Posey is confused by this.   Another KNOCK.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
              (sotto)
          Okay?

Posey agrees with a nod.   Another KNOCK.

                    JOSH (O.S.)
          Bella!


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - HALLWAY - A MOMENT LATER

Isabella talks to her stepfather outside the bathroom, acting
as casually as she can.

                     ISABELLA
          She was playing near the creek and
          I was on my phone and she fell in.
          By the time I got her out she was
          covered in mud so we came home. I
          wasn’t paying attention. So I guess
          it’s...
              (beat)
          I wasn’t paying attention.

Stoney as ever, Josh lets silence hang in the air for a beat.

                    JOSH
          And what happened to her jacket?
                                                          55.


                    ISABELLA
          Uh... It...

She’s losing faith in her lie.

                    POSEY (O.S.)
              (through door)
          She threw it in the trash.

                       JOSH
          What? Why?

                     ISABELLA
          It was trashed from the water and
          the mud... It was getting too small
          anyways...

                    JOSH
          You think that’s for you to decide?

                    ISABELLA
          Apparently, I guess...

Josh stares through her. Then-

                       JOSH
          She okay?

                    ISABELLA
          Yeah she’s fine. I’m sorry.

                    JOSH
          Yeah well, now you gotta go buy her
          a new one... Pay more attention.

Josh OPENS the bathroom door to reveal Posey, FULLY CLOTHED,
STARING AT THE FLOOR.

Josh offers no affection or even a comforting word. They all
just stand there, horribly awkward.

Isabella breaks the moment when she puts an arm around Posey
and walks her to her room and Josh goes the other way.

Once at Posey’s bedroom, Isabella crouches down to follow up
with her sister. She looks scared and confused.

                    ISABELLA
          Everything’s gonna be ok, alright?

Posey wants to believe her.    And after a moment, she does.
They hug.

                                             SLOW FADE OUT:
                                                          56.


A beat of BLACK, then--

PRELAP: THUNDER rolls... the sound of RAINDROPS.

                                                   CUT TO:


EXT. GULLY - DAY - DAYS LATER

A RAINY DAY.   All snow is gone.

The DEAD HUNTER’S remains are fully in view amidst the stand
of trees-- grotesque, menacing, haunting.

Suddenly, a blinding FLASH OF LIGHT lifts the inherent gloom
of the forest for a split second.

A CAMERAMAN in a hazmat suit flashes again. He stands behind
a cordon of police tape with a milling collection of
similarly clad officials.

                    OFFICER BLAKE (PRE-LAP)
          A jogger found it...

Colonel Bedford and Major Stenz are being escorted toward the
body by a local cop- OFFICER DAN BLAKE.

                    OFFICER BLAKE (CONT'D)
          ...the body had been there for
          four...six months? Probably well
          hidden until the snow melt. Would
          you agree Colonel?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Not my op. You can direct your
          question to Major Stenz. I’m just
          advisory...

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Anything from the lab?

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          Nothing yet but I think it’s a safe
          assumption he was infected. Took
          matters into his own hands.

Bedford looks at some footprints imprinting the mud. He
sidles up to Stenz and in a low voice, helps him out--

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Footprints...

Stenz, grateful for the help, looks to the ground and runs
with it.
                                                            57.


                    MAJOR STENZ
          What about the footprints?

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          They don’t match him. Don’t match
          the jogger....

                    MAJOR STENZ
          So someone else found it and didn’t
          report it...?

Bedford looks around, suspicious.   Stenz studies the prints.

                    MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
          One of them’s a child...

He looks to the Colonel for guidance.   The Colonel nods.

                    MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
              (to Blake)
          See if any of the houses near the
          park have cameras.

The Colonel’s eyes drift to follow the frozen footprints.
They are headed away from the scene.

He begins to head off in that direction until--

                                                    CUT TO:


EXT. PARK - A MOMENT LATER

The Colonel, Major and Officer Blake emerge from the woods
and into the open park.

Bedford scans the area until his eyes fall upon THE TRASH CAN
by the playground.

He gives it a good stare before--

                                                TIME CUT TO:

MOMENTS LATER, Bedford is fishing a CHILD’S JACKET from the
trash can. It’s Posey’s.

Looking closely, something inside the jacket catches his eye--

It’s written in INDELIBLE INK on the INNER COLLAR. Just one
handwritten word:

“POSEY”

The Colonel and other men take notice. Stenz looks to him.
                                                        58.


                    MAJOR STENZ
          You think it’s connected?

The Colonel shrugs, not noticing he’s touching the DARK
STAINS on the sleeves of the jacket before stuffing it into
an evidence bag held by local cop, Officer Blake.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          I’ll pull up the names and ages of
          the surrounding neighborhood and
          look to see if we can find a name
          match.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Don’t raise too many alarms at this
          point. Plainclothes, unmarked.
          Until we get something actionable.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          Okay. Might take a few days...

The view from the hilltop park reveals a Spielbergian SPRAWL
OF SUBURBIA STRETCHING OUT INTO THE DISTANCE.

The Colonel takes in the sight like a game warden before the
culling of the deer.

In the distance, a house not much different than the rest...

                                                  CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING

Josh finishes laying out dinner on the kitchen table.

                    JOSH
          Girls-- supper’s ready.

He takes his seat and waits for them to arrive.

                                                  CUT TO:

Moments later, the girls are seated around the table as they
all hold hands in prayer.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          ...for all the blessings of life
          that you give to us. Mindful of
          your continuous care we’re grateful
          for the blessings of this table.

                    ISABELLA/POSEY
          Amen.
                                                           59.


They eat in SILENCE. Isabella shovels food down, hoping to
end the uncomfortable ritual as soon as possible. Then
something DRAWS HER ATTENTION.

Posey is barely touching her food. Isabella stares at her
intently. There’s definitely something wrong.

Isabella looks to Josh to see if he has noticed, but he’s
focused on his plate. She looks back to Posey to see-

A SINGLE BEAD OF SWEAT forms on Posey’s forehead and begins
to run down her temple.

Isabella knows this is not good. She watches the drip
continue its way down her face, paranoid that her stepfather
may notice--

                    JOSH
          Posey, you’re not touching your
          food. You not feeling well?

Posey looks up, but before she can answer, Isabella
interrupts to cover.

                    ISABELLA
          She found my chocolate stash and
          ate it all. We’ll be lucky if she
          doesn’t puke.

                    POSEY
          No I didn’t.

Josh gives a half smile. Isabella shoots a look to Posey
while her stepdad’s head is turned.

                    ISABELLA
          Sure deny it.

                    JOSH
          Well that teaches you, doesn’t it?

Sensing something is amiss, Posey opts not to protest
further.

                    POSEY
          Yes.

Isabella returns to her food, her mind reeling.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - LATER

Isabella, clearly worried, helps Posey into her pajamas.
Feels her head.
                                                          60.


                    ISABELLA
          How are you feeling, Squeaker?

                    POSEY
          Yucky.

                     ISABELLA
          Probably just a cold...
              (then)
          But don’t tell Josh, okay? If
          anything’s wrong, only tell me
          okay? I’m the only one you can
          trust. Okay?

Posey nods. Isabella gets her into the bed and hugs her. Out
of view, Isabella’s dread fully blossoms on her face.


INT. BATHROOM - LATER

Isabella digs through the vanity under the sink, intently
looking for something. Eventually she finds it.

A box of HOME TEST KITS.    Her relief quickly passes when she
discovers IT’S EMPTY.

                    ISABELLA
          Fuck...

And as the dread returns...


EXT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - KITCHEN - THE NEXT MORNING

Josh makes Posey’s lunch in the kitchen as the morning light
streams in. Isabella arrives at the threshold and takes a
moment to prepare a lie.

                    ISABELLA
          She’s taking her own sweet time.
          I’ll get her going.

                    JOSH
          Okay, ‘cause I got to go...

This is the answer she was looking for.

                    ISABELLA
          Okay.

Isabella leaves the kitchen and heads down the hall.
                                                           61.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - A FEW MINUTES LATER

Isabella enters to find Posey is still in bed. She looks
peekid, pasty. Isabella feels her head.

Still feverish, Isabella tries not to worry her.

                    ISABELLA
          Time to get up...

                    POSEY
          But I’m tired.

                    ISABELLA
          Good news. No school today.

                    POSEY
          Good...

Posey tries to roll over.

                    ISABELLA
          Nope- we’ve gotta run an errand
          okay?

Isabella attempts to motivate her.


INT. CVS DRUG STORE - DAY

People are staring... or at least it feels that way to
Isabella.

She walks down the aisle of the large drug store with her
sickly sister bundled up next to her-- ISABELLA’S FIST IN
POSEY’S BACK in order to move the logy girl along without
anyone noticing.

Posey looks desperate to be back in her bed.

                    POSEY
          Bella?

Isabella soothes her.

                    ISABELLA
          Home soon, promise.

                    POSEY
          I’m thirsty.

Someone walks by the girls, eyeing them - Isabella tries to
clock if they’re looking at Posey. She’s totally paranoid
someone will notice the sick little girl.
                                                          62.


Isabella takes a deep breath and marches onward. Her eyes
dart around, scanning for something on the shelves.

At the end of the aisle- BOXES OF HOME TESTS. Several
different styles, similar to diabetic test kits. Colorful
packaging and reassuring messaging belie the horrible truth
of what they are.

One final look around to be sure no one is looking.

Coast clear, Isabella raises her arm to reach for one when--

                      VOICE (O.S.)
          Isabella?

SHIT! Isabella deftly shifts her hand to a LOWER SHELF and
GRABS SOMETHING ELSE. She turns to find MATT, her neighbor
(and Cole’s dad) IN THE INTERSECTING AISLE.

He’s in his full Border Forces uniform, although he’s off
duty.

                    MATT
          Your dad know you’re not in school?

                    ISABELLA
          Um.. yes, just doing... Josh gets
          busy and well I...
              (she sucks at this)
          ...I do some shopping.

A long pause. Too long. His eyes gaze to the shelf, then back
to her.

                    MATT
          He keeps you out of school to shop?
          Is someone sick?

                    ISABELLA
          No... no. It’s my service day.

Slightly suspicious, he tries to get a look at Posey.

                    MATT
          Are you feeling okay, S--

Isabella pulls Posey close, burying her face in her torso.
He tries to get a good look at her but--

                    ISABELLA
          She’s shy...

She turns and begins her exit, hoping to get away.    But--
                                                          63.


                      MATT
          Isabella?

She STOPS, busted. Then turns around to face him.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          You seen Cole lately?

Isabella wonders if it’s a trick question.   Then-

                      ISABELLA
          No...

                      MATT
          Good.

He stares, it’s intimidating. She walks away and scoots
Posey down the aisle with her.

Rounding the aisle and safely out of sight, Isabella takes a
DEEP BREATH and resets just as--

BLAHHHK! Posey VOMITS in the aisle.   PANIC. Isabella whips
back around to find--

NO ONE SAW.

                      POSEY
          Sorry...

                    ISABELLA
          You okay? Is there more?

Posey shakes her head. Isabella grabs her hand.

                      ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Let’s go.

                                                     CUT TO:


INT. CVS - CHECKOUT - MOMENTS LATER

Isabella unloads her basket. Like a boy buying condoms, she
has extra items to distract from the test box on the counter.

The cashier doesn’t make eye contact as she robotically picks
up item after item and bags them. Things are going right.

Isabella’s eyes drift to the next cashier over to see MATT
WATCHING. Fake smile on his face, he’s too far to see the
items, but close enough to read her face.

Isabella does her best to smile back and look casual until--
                                                        64.


                      POSEY
          Bella...?

Isabella looks to see Posey looking like she’s gonna hurl
again. Before she can react--

                    CASHIER
          Thirty two fifty.

Isabella jumps a bit but quickly hands over some cash and
TAPS HER WRIST ON THE SCANNER.

                      ISABELLA
          Keep it--

Leaving her change, she makes a SWIFT EXIT WITH POSEY IN TOW.

Matt is left looking suspiscious.

                                                  CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - LATER

Isabella UNBOXES THE HOME TEST KIT while Posey sits nearby.

                    POSEY
          No... I hate those things.

                    ISABELLA
          I know... but we just need to see
          what kind of sick you are... Gimme
          your finger.

She takes Posey’s finger and rubs it with an ALCOHOL SWAB.

                      POSEY
          Cold...

Isabella unwraps a LANCET from the kit. Posey watches as her
sister closes in on her finger with it. And just as Isabella
is about to prick her finger--

                    ISABELLA
          Now give me your finger.

Posey obliges and Isabella SQUEEZES POSEY’S FINGER until it
turns dark purple.

                    POSEY
          Ahhh... it hurts Bella.

Isabella presses on and JABS POSEY’S FINGER with the LANCET.
She milks the blood out.
                                                           65.


EXT.   CONSTANCE HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS

JOSH’S TRUCK PULLS INTO THE DRIVEWAY.     He emerges, looking
annoyed.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Isabella dabs the drop of blood on Posey’s finger onto a
SMALL TRAY. She slides it into a small disposable plastic
device with a DIGITAL READOUT.

The screen BLINKS TO LIFE and an ANIMATED CLOCK ICON begins
to spin.

Posey climbs under the covers.

ISABELLA HEARS THE FRONT DOOR OPEN.

                     ISABELLA
           Oh shhhh---

                     JOSH (O.C.)
           Isabella? Are you here?

Isabella freaks out.

SHE LOOKS AT THE DEVICE- the clock icon is still spinning.

She looks for a place to stash it, finally deciding on
Posey’s NIGHTSTAND DRAWER.

She hears him approaching the bedroom.

                     JOSH (O.S.) (CONT'D)
           Hey! You need to get out here right
           now.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER

Isabella steps into the hallway to find Josh moving toward
her with a full head of steam.

                     JOSH
           Why weren’t you two at school?

                     ISABELLA
           I went to take Posey this morning
           but she wasn’t feeling well, so I
           just thought she should maybe rest.

                      JOSH
           Sick?   Why didn’t you call?
                                                        66.


                    ISABELLA
          Not ‘sick’ sick-- it’s just a cold.
          She sleeps with the window open-

                    JOSH
          Why wouldn’t you call?

He moves past her and into Posey’s room-- quickly sits next
to her and feels her forehead.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          She’s warm.

                    ISABELLA
          Really? I don’t think s--

                    JOSH
          A cold, a fever-- You know the
          protocol. You’re supposed to call
          me.

                    ISABELLA
          Well I didn’t know there was one
          so...

                    JOSH
          Are you kidding? I mean just feel
          her -- it’s slight but it’s--

A BEEP. Isabella looks to the DRAWER she hid the test and
quickly back to her stepfather.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          What was that?

Isabella shrugs, unconvincingly.

He clocks this. The tension mounts on Isabella maintaining
her poker face until--

DING DONG. The doorbell interrupts, drawing Josh over to the
window to see: POLICE CARS and USVC PERSONNEL outside.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          What the hell--?

                       ISABELLA
          Who is it?

He turns to look at Isabella- CATCHES HER CLOSING THE DRAWER.

Josh looks at the night stand drawer. Then back at Isabella.
An electric shock shoots through her, behind her facade.
                                                             67.


Before she can speak, HE WALKS OVER AND OPENS IT.

                       ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Wait--

JOSH REACHES INTO THE DRAWER AND REMOVES THE DEVICE. Once he
realizes what it is, he looks to her-- confused.

She can’t speak. He looks back down to the device...        TO THE
UNSEEN READOUT SCREEN.

She desperately TRIES TO READ HIS FACE as he looks at the
result- searching for some sort of reaction when--

                       ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          What...?

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

Without betraying what he sees, Josh DROPS THE DEVICE IN THE
TRASH without making eye contact with Isabella- AND EXITS.

Isabella stumbles forward as if in a dream.     Looks out the
window to see the POLICE are outside.

Flooded with foreboding, she approaches the TRASH CAN next to
Posey’s bed and FISHES OUT THE DEVICE. She turns it over to
read the result....

“POSITIVE. Call your local Vector Control hotline”

Isabella REELS. Posey is positive... The police are here for
her... and Josh is going to stand by and let the only person
that she has left be taken away.

She hears Josh ANSWER THE DOOR.      Listens with dread--

                       JOSH (O.C.)
          Yes?

                    OFFICER BLAKE (O.C.)
          Yes sir- we’ve been in the
          neighborhood you may have noticed.
          We’re looking for the owner of a
          girls jacket. A small child...

Isabella moves slowly toward the hall-- her mind ablaze as
the conversation continues at the door.


EXT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - HALL - CONTINUOUS

Isabella’s walk to the living room seems to take an eternity
as we hear the OFFSCREEN conversation continue.
                                                           68.


She should take action. She has to do something. But what?

As she finally nears the end of the hallway, all she can
manage is to eke out a childlike plea--

                       ISABELLA
          Hey-

It comes out slightly above a whisper, unheard, as he rounds
the corner where she’s--


INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS

--blinded by the sunlight blasting through the front door.
Her stepfather stands slumped against the doorjamb, his spine
like a question mark.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          ...It was found in O’Shea park.
          Material on it tested positively so
          it’s vital we find who it belongs
          to. There was a...

Beyond the officer is a COLLECTION OF AUTHORITIES. Enough men
to storm the place if needed- some half-clad in hazmat suits.

                    OFFICER BLAKE (CONT'D)
          ...a name printed in the collar.
          ‘Posey’. Our database says you have
          a young girl in this residence
          about that age- Is that correct?

Josh pauses before answering. Finally speaking with a quaver.
He sounds utterly defeated.

                    JOSH
          That’s right, I do.

Isabella grabs onto the wall for support as her legs nearly
crumble out from under her.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          Except for one thing...

A long pause, and...

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          ...Her name’s not Posey.

Isabella pauses with some surprise.   Blake is suspicious.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          You sure about that?
                                                               69.


                        JOSH
          Yeah...

Blake spots Isabella in the background.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          That your daughter?

Josh turns to see what he’s looking at.

                    JOSH
          Stepdaughter. Name’s Isabella.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          Hi Isabella- you got a little
          sister do you?

Isabella is freaked out.       Nods nervously.

                    OFFICER BLAKE (CONT'D)
          And what’s her name?

Isabella is FROZEN. A long beat before Josh JUMPS IN and
speaks for her--

                        JOSH
          Suzanne.

                        OFFICER BLAKE
          Yeah?

He looks to Isabella.     She nods in agreement.   But Blake
smells a rat.

                    OFFICER BLAKE (CONT'D)
          Can I see your family documents
          sir?

                        JOSH
          Um-   yeah.     Of course.

Isabella watches with dread as Josh reaches to a SIDE TABLE
near the door and FISHES SEVERAL IDENTIFICATION PAPERS out of
a decorative bowl.

Josh hands over the paper-- all we can think is, “What the
fuck’s he gonna do?”

The officer looks at the paper closely, READING ALOUD.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          Josh...
              (he flips page)
                    (MORE)
                                                           70.

                    OFFICER BLAKE (CONT'D)
          ...Isabella- 15. And...
              (he flips page)

The officer examines the document. There is a picture of
Posey-- her name clearly identified as...

                    OFFICER BLAKE (CONT'D)
          ...Suzanne- 7.

                    JOSH
          That’s right.

The officer double checks. Printed right there next to the
photo- SUZANNE EVE CONSTANCE.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          Yeah. Suzanne.

The officer hands the papers back to Josh, but he looks
suspicious. It’s an uncomfortably long time.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          Sorry to bother you. Have a nice
          day.

                       JOSH
          Thank you.

Josh CLOSES THE DOOR and TURNS AROUND. Without making eye
contact, he walks by Isabella and heads toward Posey’s room.

Isabella, still recovering from the tumult, watches him pass,
processing what just happened, then stumbles after him.

Heading down the hall and rounding the corner to Posey’s
door, Isabella sees the last thing she ever thought she
would:

Josh cradling Posey in his arms.    He’s crying. Defeated by
concern and horror.

He lifts his head and looks at Isabella, overwhelmed.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          What are we going to do, Bella?

This unexpected redemption washes over Isabella like a warm
wave. Without words, she joins him at the bed.

Posey stirs and looks at them through her delirium.

                    POSEY
          Did that man call me Suzanne? Did
          you tell him I hate that name?
                                                           71.


Josh shakes his head gently, feeling her forehead again.

                    POSEY (CONT'D)
          I only wanna be called Posey...

Isabella and Josh are amused by this.   She’s still Posey...
For now.


EXT. COLE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

FROM COLE’S POV- through his WINDOW across the cul-de-sac- He
peers at the police car outside Isabella’s house.

                    MATT (O.S.)
          What’s going on there?

Cole snaps around to find his father over his shoulder.

                    COLE
          I don’t know...

They watch Officer Blake step off the front porch and--


EXT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Blake joins his team at the curb, sidles up to his DEPUTY.

                    DEPUTY
          What do you think Dan?

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          I don’t know...

He seems to have residual suspicions. Then one of the USVC
TEAM MEMBERS approaches with a TABLET-- Hands it to Blake.

                    USVC TEAM MEMBER
          Look at this. Just came through.

Blake looks at the tablet.   Something concerns him deeply.

                    OFFICER BLAKE
          You’re shitting me...

The team member shakes his head.

                    USVC TEAM MEMBER
          Major Stenz says we should wait for
          him. He wants to lead the
          extraction.

And as Blake agrees with a nod, staring at the tablet...
                                                          72.


                    OFFICER BLAKE
          Fine. We’ll wait ‘til tonight.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT

A USVC CONVOY moves through the dark streets of the suburbs.

                    MAJOR STENZ (PRE-LAP)
              (over radio)
          Team 3, I want you standing by...


INT. POLICE VAN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

TWO ROWS OF USVC AGENTS sit inside a moving assault vehicle.
Clad in armor, they are ready for action. Major Stenz, in the
passenger seat, TALKS ON HIS HEADSET.

                    MAJOR STENZ
              (continuing)
          ...Vector protocol has issued a
          writ and warrant. Given the
          extenuation we feel like it will be
          a simple grab. Force is not
          expected to be necessary...

                                                  CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

Josh stands at the sink doing dishes. A large bottle of
bleach sits next to the sink.

Isabella enters and notices a bleeding rash on his hands.

                    ISABELLA
          You need to wear gloves. Bleach
          burns right through your skin.

Josh nods and keeps washing holding back his fear and rage.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Hey, we need to talk about it.

                    JOSH
          What’s there to talk about?

                    ISABELLA
          What are we going to do?
                                                           73.


                    JOSH
          What do you want me to say?

                    ISABELLA
          We have to do something.

                    JOSH
          I fucking know.

                       ISABELLA
          Well what?

He scrubs harder unwilling to join the conversation.

                       ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          WHAT!?

No answer. He just stares out the window. Lost.

She looks at him with disdain before giving up and leaving.

                                                   BACK TO:


EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

With a CHIRP OF THE BRAKES, the convoy pulls over in the
neighborhood, joining a pair of waiting POLICE CRUISERS.

Officer Blake greets the Major as he gets out of the vehicle.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Let’s keep this as quiet as
          possible.

Blake nods. Stenz speaks into his headset again.

                    MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
          Team 3- take standby positions...

The team exits the vehicle QUIETLY and they stealthily start
taking positions.

                                                   BACK TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - ISABELLA’S ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

Isabella retreats to her bed, upset and dejected, lit only
from the light coming in from the hallway.

A shadow crosses over her. She looks to see Josh standing at
the door- contrite and deep in thought.
                                                          74.


                    JOSH
              (quietly)
          They’re gonna figure it out
          eventually... But they’re not
          taking her. No way...

Isabella is surprised to hear this.

                    ISABELLA
          What do we do? Where do we go?

                    JOSH
          Nothing to do but wait for it to
          happen.

                    ISABELLA
          And then...?

                    JOSH
          I’ll take care of it.

She knows what he means and she knows he’s right and it’s
killing her.

                    ISABELLA
          There has to be something else...

                    JOSH
          There isn’t. The best we can do is
          keep this family together until it
          happens. It’s what I should’ve done
          for your mother...

Josh disappears into self recrimination.

                    ISABELLA
          She’d tell us not to give up hope.

                    JOSH
          Swim to the light...

The mood lightens as they recognize her words and smile
slightly.

                     JOSH (CONT'D)
          She tell you that one too?
              (off Bella’s nod)
          She’d know best. She always did...
              (then)
          I miss her, Bella. I miss her so
          much...

Isabella realizes now that what had always appeared to be a
vast chasm between them had always been bridged.
                                                          75.


                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          But I know she’d want this family
          to stay together and be strong for
          one another... to do what’s best
          for Posey. And we will...

For the first time she sees her stepfather for who he is.
Someone who’s as lost as she is, coming to grips with the
only decent choice they have.

                    ISABELLA
          They’re not going to take her.

Josh nods through tears. He wipes his eyes and looks at her.
She looks at him, resolved.

                                                     CUT TO:


EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

Major Stenz and Blake head to the front door and once there-

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. They wait for a response. Then-

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.   Another try from the Major.

One of the team notices a SHADOW MOVING IN THE WINDOWS.

                    RADIO (O.S.)
          Someone’s on the move.

The Major listens at the door, hears FOOTFALLS on the STAIRS
INSIDE, growing closer. He looks to the peephole to see a
shadow on the other side lean in and peek out.   Then-

THE DOOR OPENS to REVEAL COLONEL BEDFORD, in sweats and a T-
shirt.

Suddenly we realize this is NOT OUR PROTAGONISTS’ HOUSE- It’s
COLONEL BEDFORD’S HOUSE.    And he’s a bit confused.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          What’s this about Stenz?

                       MAJOR STENZ
          Colonel...

Stenz looks nervous... almost upset.    Bedford presses him
with a look.

                    MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
          I’m sorry sir. I um-
              (steels himself)
                    (MORE)
                                                        76.

                    MAJOR STENZ (CONT'D)
          Your H.Q. Egress Test flagged you
          last night. We have the writ and
          the order to bring you in.

The Colonel tries to comprehend this. He stares at the Major
for a long moment as he processes.

Stenz stands his ground with both guilt and surety. Tense.

But the Colonel finally relents with a tiny snort to indicate
he knew this would probably happen one day.

                     COLONEL BEDFORD
          Sure thing...
              (then)
          Stage one?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Looks that way. I’m sorry sir. I
          hate to be the one to be here doing
          this...

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Hey what’d I tell you? What we do
          saves lives. You can always rest
          assured with that...

                    MAJOR STENZ
          Yes sir. Thank you sir.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          I’ll come in in the morning...

Bedford starts to close the door, but is surprised when Stenz
blocks it with his foot.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          What the hell are you doing?

                    MAJOR STENZ
          You know the rules sir.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Are you fucking kidding me?   Remove
          your boot from the door.

                    MAJOR STENZ
          I’m sorry sir--

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          GOD DAMNIT! REMOVE YOUR--

Stenz’s backup arrives in time to help him PUSH THROUGH THE
DOOR and GRAB BEDFORD- who thrashes and SCREAMS DEFIANTLY.
                                                          77.


                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          LET ME GO!!! LET ME GO!!!

As the men drag Colonel Bedford to a WAITING VAN, his screams
change from alpha dog to the blubberings of a scared child.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          NOOOOOOOOO!! GOD JESUS NOOOOOOO!!!

                                                    CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - NIGHT

Josh enters Posey’s room. She’s awake.   He stares at her,
allowing himself to feel.

She’s pure innocence. No guile whatsoever. Just a little
girl looking to the only dad she’s ever known.

Josh sits on the chair next to her bed, scans the pile of
books on the end-table.

He doesn’t know what to say. Unable to find the words, he
tries something else.

                    JOSH
          What’s your favorite...?

                    POSEY
          Mouse on a Motorcycle.

                    JOSH
          Yeah?

She nods happily. He fishes a book from the pile and opens
it up as Posey smiles.

                     JOSH (CONT'D)
              (reading)
          “Keith, the boy in the rumpled
          shorts...”

And as the bedtime story unfolds...

                                              SLOW FADE OUT:

A beat of BLACK, then--

PRELAP the sound of ROTOR BLADES.... Of SCREAMING.... Of a
horrible CRASH and--

                                              SMASH CUT TO:
                                                          78.


I/E. SHIPPING CONTAINER/RIVER BANK - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS

LIGHT FLOODS the inside of a shipping container filled with
deported CIVILIANS. They scramble out into the DROP ZONE
that’s already POPULATED BY INFECTED--

BEDFORD is one of them.  He leaps to freedom and begins to
fight for his life. It’s quick, chaotic and disorienting
until--

                                             SMASH CUT TO:


EXT. AGRI-STORAGE BUILDING - EARLY MORNING

The rising sun lights up the familiar building, still boarded
up with plywood.    The sound of RUNNING is heard--

CLOSE ON BEDFORD, covered in blood and mud, running for his
motherfucking life.

Behind him a horde of infected. In his hand, a well-used OAK
LIMB CUDGEL.

From his labored breaths, we surmise he’s been at this awhile
and he’s desperate.

Luckily the building is dead ahead.   He heads for the fence--

                                             SMASH CUT TO:


INT. AGRI-STORAGE BUILDING - MAIN ROOM- LATER

A corner of PLYWOOD covering a window is knocked open by
Bedford’s cudgel. It’s a big enough gap for him to squeeze
through and pull himself in and-

-he lands on the floor next to the IMPROVISED CHIMNEY built
by Lynn and April. He looks around--

                                                   CUT TO:


INT. SILO WING - DAY

Bedford descends a staircase into an unfamiliar part of the
structure, fairly well lit by the industrial SKYLIGHTS above.

He moves on until he comes to the CHAMBER below the silos to
find DOZENS OF RATS moving in and out of rusty holes at its
base, leaking CORN.

They have enough to live on for a thousand generations.
                                                           79.


Bedford continues to look. CRUNCHING below his feet forces
him to notice RAT SKELETONS AND BONES littering the floor.

The rodent remains seem to grow more populous as he
approaches a corrugated metal STORAGE CORRIDOR-- moving along
until he finds himself at the ENTRY of an EMPTY STORAGE ROOM-
meagerly lit by the tiny windows ringed around it.

Peeking in, he SEES SOMETHING...

A CRUMPLED FEMALE BODY in a fetal position in the center of
the space.   It’s ringed by dozens of RAT BONES and SKELETONS
as well as scavenging LIVE RATS.

The body is a mess of tattered clothes and hair. A
splintered 2X4 sticks out of its shoulder. It doesn’t move.

Wary, Bedford kicks a fist-sized PIECE of crumbled BRICK
across the room. It HITS the body without effect.

He creeps closer. He can’t see the face so he uses his foot
to flip the body over. Finally we can see what he sees:

It’s APRIL. Gaunt grey skin, scratched up and shoulder run
through with a scrap of 2x4. It’s a ghastly sight, but much
like we do- he recognizes her.

He studies her dead, slackjawed face, reflecting on what
became of her. Perhaps seeing his future as well...

BWAHHHHH! She LURCHES to LIFE- contorting on the ground as
every muscle in her body SPASMS at once.

Bedford backs away in shock.

BWAHHHHH! Again she CONVULSES VIOLENTLY- letting out a
HORRIFIC SOUND in the process. It’s GUTTERAL AND RATTLING.
Her eyes OPEN and she STARES at Bedford and HEAVES HER CHEST.

Bedford stands ready with his cudgel, but this behavior seems
more like suffering than it does threatening.

BWAHHHHH! Again she CONTORTS AND HEAVES- aiming the pained
sound his way and staring.

It’s hard to watch. His pity is obvious as he moves closer.

He RAISES HIS WEAPON.   And as he’s about to come down on her--

                     APRIL
          NOOOOOO!

Bedford freezes. Still rattling and guttural, it sounded like-
                                                           80.


                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          NOOOOO!

More human this time, but no less disturbing. Bedford studies
her as she SPASMS and tries to control her mouth muscles.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          P--- P--- P--- Pleassssssenooooo--

Suddenly he’s absolutely sure she just talked. He drops his
weapon and she explodes into a FLURRY OF SPASMS AND SCREAMS
that seem to have no end... until-

She COLLAPSES, LIMP AND WEAK AGAIN. Breathing shallow
breaths, she suddenly seems harmless.

He focuses on her mouth- slowly moving much like an infant’s
would, involuntarily trying to find a teat.

How the hell is she alive?!?!

                                               SMASH CUT TO:


INT. EMPTY STORAGE ROOM - DAY

BRIGHT LIGHT scorches the frame. SILENCE in a concrete room
flooded with sun from the industrial skylights above.

Beneath the high ceilings, alone in the space, is a BED made
of furniture blankets. And upon it is a familiar form.

CLOSE ON APRIL. Cleaned up and slowly coming awake. Her
pallor and complexion have come a long way. She looks human
again... Literally.

Next to her is an IMPROVISED I.V. -- an upside down plastic
soda bottle filled with water and a tube that descends
downward into her MOUTH.

She grabs the tube and pulls at it, gradually removing about
a foot of it from her throat. And once it’s out of her
gullet- SHE COUGHS LOUDLY.

But coughing brings out the pain from the BANDAGED WOUND on
her. And as she tries to make sense of this.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (O.S.)
          Good morning.

Startled, April turns to see Bedford in the doorway. She
stares at him a moment, making sense of the haze.
                                                       81.


                    APRIL
          How...

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          You’ve been out for four days...
          Your shoulder was gangrenous. I
          had to remove a lot of tissue...

                    APRIL
          No... how...

                     COLONEL BEDFORD
          It’s just a disease. And given
          enough time, it will run its
          course... It’s one of the first
          things they tell you when you make
          Colonel.
              (beat)
          Surprise...

This news is insane. April is horrified but too messed up to
respond, filled with questions. But all she can manage is-

                    APRIL
          They know...?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          They tried recovery camps early
          on... Too many accidents, too many
          variables trying to keep virulent
          psychopaths under control for weeks
          on end... It always ended with them
          killing everybody.... And the
          numbers just kept growing. It
          wasn’t sustainable, not at scale
          anyway. Those sepratist wingnuts
          in Appalachia do it but they’re
          just playing with fire...

April isn’t quite sure she heard that right.

                    APRIL
          Appalachia’s real...?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Yeah. We say it’s not because we
          can’t afford the risk of people
          getting ideas in their head... I
          mean, sure there’s some rich fucks
          and politicians allowed to get
          better somewhere safe, but not for
          people like you... or even me.
                    (MORE)
                                                          82.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          It’s hard enough protecting the
          uninfected and keeping the beasts
          on the other side...

April can’t believe her ears.

                      APRIL
          But--

                     COLONEL BEDFORD
          Do you know what the odds of you
          coming out the other end of this
          were? Winning the powerball twice
          in a row is probably easier. The
          odds of surviving the infected?
          Plus the odds of surviving as an
          infected? Astronomical. You see
          them turn on each other? Eat each
          other? Meat is meat to them. And if
          you somehow survive being one and
          turn back? Your body’s been
          through the wringer and you’re
          right back to being prey... no one
          survives it.
              (then)
          You were safe because you were
          trapped in here. Away from them,
          with steady food... but you
          probably would’ve died from that
          infection anyway.
              (beat)
          Like I said-- Powerball. You’re
          lucky.

April can only shake her head in disbelief, tearing up.

                    APRIL
          If you know. How can you do it? Let
          people die?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          I don’t like it. But I understand
          it... I had a duty to protect what
          we had left.

April is disgusted.

                     COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          You can hate me. I hate me too.
          But it’s nothing for you to worry
          about now. What you need to do now
          is get strong...
              (then)
          Because I’ll be one of them soon.
                                                           83.


He allows that to set in, then EXITS, leaving April ALONE.

                                                    CUT TO:


INT. AGRI-STORAGE - STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT

The middle of the night. All is quiet.   Enough moonlight
enters the room to discern that April is awake.

Still disabled, she is searching for supplies, putting things
in a BAG. Is she getting ready to leave? She overturns a few
boxes but finds nothing of use.

She peers to the doorway where a dim ORANGE GLOW is visible.


INT. AGRI-STORAGE - SILO BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER

April enters the room to see the last flickers of a small
fire Bedford has made, smoke venting out of one of the
shattered skylights above.

He’s asleep nearby, near some SCAVENGED ITEMS he’s put
together. She recognizes some of them from the stash that
was gathered in the main room.

She remembers something and grabs a FLASHLIGHT from the pile.


INT. AGRICULTURAL STORAGE - VARIOUS - NIGHT

The flashlight beam lights up a STAIRCASE leading to a door.
She ascends quietly.


INT. AGRI-STORAGE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT

Scanning for anything useful, April makes her way through the
door and into a corridor which we recognize from earlier.

She is overtaken by a memory, abandons her search and is
propelled forward by something unseen.


INT. AGRI-STORAGE BUILDING - MAIN ROOM - CONTINUOUS

The beam of the flashlight pokes around the large room where
she finds what she’s looking for--

The improvised chimney, the remains of the campfire and near
a pile of random items- a PAPER ROAD MAP. She picks it up
and pokes around a bit more-
                                                         84.


The beam of light traces old dusty footprints, dark stains in
the concrete. Slowly, something seems to be seeping into
April’s brain.

Suddenly she STOPS, frozen, looking at the ground, staring at-

THE STUFFED HEDGEHOG.

April is rapt, begins to quake involuntarily. Then, in a
violent instant she is OVERCOME by a sense memory in every
cell- overrun by tears and COLLAPSING TO THE GROUND.

She shudders in front of the evidence of her past, macerating
in the memories associated with the old toy. It’s painful
and heartbreaking.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (O.S.)
          How much do you remember?

She turns to see Bedford is at the other end of the room- Her
face is awash in horror and sorrow. And then finally--

                    APRIL
          Everything...

Bedford absorbs the horrible implications of this. His heart
bleeds for her, for what it means to have done the horrible
things she remembers doing.

                    BEDFORD
          I’m sorry. But it wasn’t you...

She scans her surroundings, reliving what she did and
relating it to the shreds of clothing left on the ground.
She fights for control of her tears and her breathing.

Her eyes say it was her.    It’s painful to see.

MUSIC as she closes her eyes, transforming herself, neatly
stowing her trauma. When she opens them again-- resolve.

                    APRIL
          I’m going back.

                                               DISSOLVE TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY’S ROOM - NIGHT

MUSIC CONTINUES as Josh reads another chapter from Mouse on a
Motorcycle to Posey.

She’s looking worse. She wears a surgical mask to protect her
family from coughing up any blood particles.
                                                          85.


But her eyes say it all-    She has not turned, but she’s not
Posey anymore...

                                                    CUT TO:


INT. AGRI-STORAGE - SILO ROOM - NIGHT

A fresh fire burns in Bedford’s interior camp. Bedford takes
a pot off a HOT BRICK and pours hot water in a scavenged MUG.

                     COLONEL BEDFORD
          I was stationed not too far from
          here back in the day. They pulled
          us out when Springfield went to
          hell. Back when we were 23 states.
          I was just a corporal then...
              (then)
          They always knew the river would be
          the backstop, but I don’t think
          they ever thought it would be so
          soon after the Rio Grande Breach...

He passes the cup to April, who is studying the map nearby.

                    APRIL
          How you feeling?

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Clammy... achy... grumpy.

                    APRIL
          That means you still have time.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Lucky me...

They both sit beside the fire.

                    APRIL
          I think I found a good place to
          cross.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          You’re being ridiculous. You can’t
          do that.

                    APRIL
          I’m going back.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          There is no going back. No one has
          ever gone back.
                                                        86.


                    APRIL
          My family is on the other side of
          that river. I’m going back or I’m
          going to die trying.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          That’s ridiculous.

She returns her attention to the map.

                    APRIL
          If we’re here, I figure I can walk
          to this narrow point here in about
          a day...

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Did you hear me? It’s not that
          easy.

                    APRIL
          I figure this is like 300 yards-

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          Yeah. And what about the sniper
          tower we built on the other side
          precisely because that’s the
          narrowest part of the river? And
          what about the eight rows of razor
          wire laid there? And what about the
          patrol boats every hour? And Jesus-
          - I mean-- You think you can just
          backstroke across the Mississippi?
          The currents are too strong. There
          is no going back.

                    APRIL
          I’ll figure it out.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          And what then? You can’t go over
          that wall. It’s eighty feet high
          and ten containers thick.

                    APRIL
          I SAID I’LL FIGURE IT OUT!!!

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          THERE IS NO GOING BACK!!

The Colonel restrains himself, tries to put his temper back
in the box while April just stares at him in frustration.
                                                        87.


                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          Listen I need to be leaving soon.
          I’m sick and you stand no chance if-

                    APRIL
          What are you talking about? I can
          lock you in my room with food. You
          can survive it.

He smiles slightly, his eyes brighten with a hint of whist.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          No. I’m not interested in that.

                    APRIL
          In becoming one of --

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          In surviving.

This takes her back for a beat but before she can press him,
the Colonel attempts to explain.

                    COLONEL BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          Look, I love my country. It’s how I
          was raised. It’s part of who I am.
          And I’ve spent the better part of
          my life protecting that... But it’s
          going away. Everything that we
          know and love about our way of
          life-- it’s going away. I mean you
          above all people must see that.

A long SILENCE on April. She pities him but does not agree.

                     APRIL
          I don’t see that at all. I see the
          opposite of that. I don’t know
          why, but I’ve always put my faith
          in the future. My husband hates it
          about me, my oldest hates it too.
          They think I’m naive... pie in the
          sky... But that’s not what it is.
          It’s not like I know that things
          will be better, I don’t. And maybe
          they won’t...
              (then)
          But they could be. There’s just as
          much a chance things will get
          better as there is that they’ll get
          worse. The odds are even. Like a
          coin flip. You win half the time.
          That’s not naive, that’s a fact.
                     (MORE)
                                                          88.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          If you hang in there long enough
          both outcomes are equal. So as long
          as the odds are even I won’t change
          my mind that things will be
          better... Because I know that
          eventually, given enough time, they
          will be... they have to be. It’s
          just God’s way... I mean, what are
          the chances that I survived? And
          what are the chances that you
          survived? And then made it here and
          found me? You. The one person who
          can get me back over that wall...

April looks at him with undeniable sureity.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          I don’t know... I think maybe the
          coin’s flipping my way...

Bedford is cornered by her logic and certitude. How is it
possible that this woman, after all she’s seen and been
through, still has hope? It stirs something in him. And
before he can think better of it, he’s all in--

                    COLONEL BEDFORD
          There is one part of building the
          wall on the river they didn’t
          account for.

She smiles at his change of heart-- and as she listens to
what’s next...

                                              SLOW FADE OUT:

A beat of BLACK, then-

The sound of FOOTSTEPS on linoleum-


INT. SPORTING GOODS STORE - DAY

Josh drifts past aisles filled with sporting goods. He spots
one of his neighbors, Ricky, along the way to his final
destination.

                      RICKY
          Hey Josh.

                      JOSH
          Hey-

                      RICKY
          Josh uh--
                                                           89.


Josh just continues on distracted, leaving Ricky in his wake.
He’s focused on a task and we’re not sure what it is until he
arrives at the GUN COUNTER and addresses the cashier.

                    SPORTING GOODS CASHIER
          What can I do for you?

He taps on the glass case, pointing at a PISTOL.

                    JOSH
          Let me get that MP and a box of
          nine mil.

                    SPORTING GOODS CASHIER
          For the range, home protection or
          something else?

This ripples through Josh. The full weight of what he’s doing
and why he’s here lands on him like a thousand pounds of
stones. He looks down afraid that his eyes might reveal the
horrible truth.

                    JOSH
          Range.

                    SPORTING GOODS CASHIER
          Got a sale on Remington FMJ,
          hundred count?

                    JOSH
          Okay.

The cashier puts a BOX OF AMMO on the counter before him.

                    SPORTING GOODS CASHIER
          $324.99- which comes to....
              (hits a key)
          54.50 after the government subsidy.

Josh throws down his card and puts his wrist on the
ubiquitous point of sale tracking SCANNER as the cashier
walks over to the CARD READER.

JOSH LOOKS AT THE BOX as if this small thing might overwhelm
him and cause him to dissolve into tears right there.

He places a hand on it- hoping it might break the spell.

The cashier returns with the paper slip. Josh signs it,
struggling to keep his hand from shaking as the Cashier
places the ammo in a bag with the gun.

                    SPORTING GOODS CASHIER (CONT'D)
          Thanks so much. Have a good day.
                                                          90.


Josh nods and exits, chased by ghosts.


EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - LATER

Josh drives home, through a bucolic suburban backdrop.

In the cul-de-sac, a group of NEIGHBORS (including MATT) have
collected on the driveway - deep in conversation. They look
up as he approaches.

Josh is certain he and his family are the topic of
conversation.

                                                     CUT TO:

Josh climbs out of his truck and notices out of the corner of
his eye Matt crossing the cul-de-sac and coming his way.

He quickens his pace, hoping to get inside before he can--

                       MATT
          Hey...

Caught, he stops and turns.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          Everything okay?

                       JOSH
          Fine. Why?

                    MATT
          Been hearing noises. Sounds,
          like... screams coming from the
          house. Anything up?

Josh silently chastises himself for being sloppy as he
searches for an acceptable response.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          Not trying to make it weird but uh,
          I got to think of mine, you know.

                    JOSH
          Yeah, I’ll be honest with you--
          things have been tough and the kids
          have been going at it and I haven’t
          been keeping on top of them like I
          should. House full of women... You
          know.

Matt pauses ominously before he answers. Slightly shaken,
Josh tries to keeps his demeanor neutral.
                                                           91.


                    MATT
          Teenagers...

Gulp.

                    JOSH
          Yeah... I’ll take care of it...

Matt nods and Josh exits.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY’S ROOM - DAY

Posey lays in bed completely drained of color- almost drained
of humanity. Isabella adjusts Posey’s surgical mask, dabs her
head with a cold towel in an empty attempt at childcare.

Josh enters and observes the heartbreaking sight for a moment
before Isabella notices him.

                    JOSH
          We need to baffle those windows,
          neighbors can hear.

Isabella nods and looks to the SHOPPING BAG in his hand.

MUSIC as Josh just notices and stares back at her for a
moment. Isabella has a dreadful thought about the contents
and the sadness in her eyes prompts him to EXIT.

PRELAP the sounds of HARRIED BREATHS... THUDS...

                                                     CUT TO:


EXT. URBAN OUTSKIRTS - CATHEDRAL - DAY

MUSIC AND SOUND CONTINUE as we find Bedford and April
charging forward through an ABANDONED BURNED OUT CATHEDRAL.

They’re terrified. Gulping air. Stumbling but moving fast.

Suddenly, we see why. A mass of infected BREAK THROUGH THE
DOORS of the cathedral and spill forward at monstrous speed.

A few yards AHEAD, April stops short and scans her
surroundings. No way out. They’re trapped.

No time to think because the infected are coming quick. Wide
eyed and cornered, April’s mind swims-- panic creeping up her
spine.

“Is she slipping into shock?” Bedford thinks as he looks at
her-- then desperately scans his surroundings.
                                                          92.


THERE! He points up to a rusting SCAFFOLD clinging to the
inside wall of the old building. Clearly a restoration was in
process when the world went to shit.

                      BEDFORD
          We go up.

He grabs her by the arm and drags her forward.

                                                  CUT TO:

They clamber up just as the infected reach them. Climbing the
rickety old scaffolding as fast as they can-- but they are
shaken as the vast tide of infected cause the whole structure
to BUCKLE as they IMPACT the foundation.

The structure starts to falter- but still the two climb
upward, hoping to reach a ROW OF WINDOWS at the top.

Soon they’re half way up.

SCREECH! Metal WAILS as the SCAFFOLDING GIVES WAY and falls
slowly to the ground like an ancient tree being felled.

April and Bedford ride it down and somehow manage to escape
the wreckage by JUMPING AT THE LAST MOMENT.

But now they’re BACK ON THE GROUND- SURROUNDED BY INFECTED.

WHUMP! A last piece of scaffolding falls onto the infected
and cuts a hole through the throng. Bedford and April seize
the opportunity and charge through the opening.

Once clear- they spot a SIDE DOOR and slip through.


EXT. GRAVEYARD - MOMENTS LATER

City of the dead. April and Bedford move through an avenue
cut through a collection of SMALL MAUSOLEUMS. They’ve managed
to pick up ANOTHER PACK OF INFECTED who pursue them like a
human avalanche.

They take a sharp corner- jump a short fence and find refuge
in one of the smaller funerary structures-- slipping inside
and crouched between TWO DUSTY COFFINS as a tide of infected
PASS BY OUTSIDE.

Nearly hyperventilating, April coughs out a few words.

                    APRIL
          I think... they’re... leaving.

She turns to Bedford. He’s not there.
                                                        93.


In the corner of the crypt, a single infected stands against
the wall in a shuddering stupor. Bedford sneaks behind it and
slips a knife into the base of its neck- Killing it
instantly.

He returns to April and crouches next to her.

                    BEDFORD
          We’ll wait here for now. Maybe
          things will lighten up after dark.

April nods and sits. Bedford joins her. They both dig out
their waters and drink greedily.

April takes in her surroundings for a beat and manages to
smile.

                    APRIL
          Wait until Posey hears about this.

Posey? Did she just say Posey? Bedford swallows and wipes his
mouth trying to not show too much.

                      BEDFORD
          Posey?

                    APRIL
          My youngest. She hates graveyards.
          Used to make me go three miles out
          of my way just so we didn’t have to
          drive by a place like this.

                    BEDFORD
          She’s little?

                      APRIL
          Eight.

Bedford knows it has to be her. The name on the blood covered
jacket in the park. Too much to relegate to coincidence,
but... Does he tell her?

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          It wasn’t even a gothic place like
          this. One of those places with the
          grave stones flush to the ground.
          More like a park really, but boy
          how she hated it...

He has to. He steels himself.

                      BEDFORD
          Listen...
                                                        94.


CLANG! The group of infected have found them. They’re at the
door and pushing through fast. Too fast.

April and Bedford scamper to the back of structure
instinctively. TRAPPED AGAIN.

Too fast to think, no time for solutions. They’re flooding in
through the only exit.

The cause is lost. It’s obvious. It shows on both of their
faces.

TIME SLOWS DOWN, THINGS GROW SILENT and SOFT MUSIC PLAYS.

Bedford is about to give up when he looks at April- Her face
losing that unfaltering faith he saw as the tide of infected
begin to envelop them. But--

-another coincidence that brought them together? It has to
mean something... and he’ll be damned if he lets it end this
way-

Suddenly SOUND and SPEED return as he THROWS HIMSELF AGAINST
THE COFFIN AND PUSHES IT FORWARD-- Instantly creating a
platform that they can slide across to reach the door.

April knows immediately what he’s doing and soon the two are
OUT THE DOOR INTO THE OPEN-- fast on foot and running for
their lives--


EXT. URBAN OUTSKIRTS - TRAIN YARDS - DAY - DUSK

Multiple trains populate the many tracks- FENCES run parallel
to the tracks on either side.   April is marching forward,
dripping with sweat. Bedford, keen eyed, a bit behind.

                    BEDFORD
          Slow down- you’re gonna burn
          yourself out.

Bedford looks really bad.   Pale and pasty. Winded.

                    APRIL
          How far are we?

                    BEDFORD
          We’re close. Docks should be just
          beyond. Get up- see what you can
          see

April climbs up one of the train cars and gets a pretty good
view. She scans the horizon where the river runs parallel to
the tracks and spots a familiar sight across the way--
                                                         95.


The WYNTON WATER TOWER, poking over the wall in the
southeastern distance.

                    APRIL
          We’re just up the river from
          Wynton.

                     BEDFORD
          Good...

He pulls out a MAP as April climbs down.

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          So we’re here- just south of the
          drop zone. We want to be just
          north of that, here- the waste
          docks.

                    APRIL
          It’ll be night soon...

Bedford nods as he puts the map away and they continue
northbound.


EXT. DEPOT GATES - NIGHT

A concrete wall along an industrial area near the river. A
flashlight ILLUMINATES SOME SIGNAGE that dictates it once
operated as a depot for WASTE MANAGEMENT.


INT. WASTE DOCK WAREHOUSE - NIGHT

April and Bedford rummage through cabinets and find AN OXY-
ACETYLENE TANK/TORCH SETUP.

                     BEDFORD
          Perfect.   Now here’s the rub...

He leads her to an opened door and points to their next stop.

Down by the river is a DEPOT DOCK AREA consisting of a myriad
of large GARBAGE BARGES, one next to another, like a
washboard formation- piled high with old trash like a series
of HILLS swarmed by ever scavenging SEAGULLS.

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          I was on the detail that sunk the
          tugs. We didn’t have time to deal
          with the barges so we just chained
          ‘em up. But if we can cut one
          loose, couple miles down, the river
          doglegs east.
                    (MORE)
                                                          96.

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          These things are so heavy, inertia
          will beach the barge on the other
          side.

This makes sense to April.

                      APRIL
          But?

Bedford points to the huge heavy dual tank torch setup.

                    BEDFORD
          We gotta get that down there...
              (points back to docks)
          ...with them.

April squints and sees MANY BARGES are TEEMING WITH INFECTED
that feast upon the RATS, SEAGULLS and WEAKER INFECTED.
She’s ready.

                      APRIL
          Let’s go.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. GARBAGE DOCKS - PRE-DAWN

Bedford and April struggle to carry the TORCH RIG along the
dock as quietly as possible. Ahead of them is a barge that
seems free of infected and is as far from the “busy” ones as
possible.

They both keep heads on a swivel as they move slowly toward
their destination.

They both strain, trying to avoid coming noisemakers like
wobbly sheet metal panels and other unwanted surprises.

Fortunately the incessant BIRD CRIES AND CAWS are loud enough
to mask what little noise they do make.

Finally they come to the BARGE and behold the HEAVY CHAIN
that anchors it to the dock.

Exhausted, Bedford opens up the valves on the tanks, finds a
SPARK IGNITOR on the rig-

                     BEDFORD
              (whisper)
          Shit... no goggles...
              (then to April)
          Once I light this thing, we blow
          our cover.
                                                           97.


Bedford resumes prepping the torch and whispers--

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          When we get to the other side, I
          can use this to cut a way through
          the wall.

She’s nods, prepping herself.

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
              (re: the torch)
          Now turn away.

April turns away and Bedford lights up the torch- painfully
squinting as he dials in the flame. He puts it to the chain
and turns his own head away.

Instantly the dockside is ALIGHT with a flickering blinding
white. For the first time we see just how many infected are
populating the trash piles on the far barges.

                      APRIL
          Oh god...

THE INFECTED ARE IMMEDIATELY DRAWN TO THE LIGHT and begin to
CLAMOR OVER THE TRASH HEAPS toward it IN DROVES.

                      APRIL (CONT'D)
          How long?

                    BEDFORD
          I don’t know.

April looks instinctively to the chain and winces at the
searing pain it induces in her eyes.

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          DON’T LOOK!

She returns her gaze to the ensuing ARMY OF INFECTED, going
from barge to barge like an invading cavalry over hilly
terrain.

They draw ever closer.   April raises her CUDGEL, waiting for
the inevitable.

CLOSER.

SHE LEANS IN, ready to strike--

Things are getting seriously hairy, when finally--

CLANG! The sound of the CHAIN HITTING THE GROUND tells them
that it’s BEEN CUT. Instantly, the barge starts to move.
                                                            98.


                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          GOT IT!

Together they get on the barge and drag up the WELDING RIG.

                    BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          YES!

April and Bedford watch as they leave the infected on the
dock and turning on one another.

                    APRIL
          Holy shit that was crazy!

Bedford can finally breathe, collapses onto the trash to rest
his sickened body as they continue drifting past the docked
barges still teaming with Infected.

They watch from their safe vantage until--

CLANG! The barge SHUDDERS and April turns to see the front
has hit A STEEL PILING. As the current pushes the barge
onward, it can do nothing but PITCH AROUND the piling --
SENDING THE AFT TOWARD the infected infested docked BARGE
next to them.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          No....

CLANG-SCRAPE-GROAN! April goes down as they hit the passing
BARGE and scrape along it on their way away from the docks.

INSTANTLY THIRTY INFECTED GET ONBOARD the aft during this
moment as April and Bedford scramble to their feet.

And just as the barge hits the MAIN CURRENT and is pushed
downriver, the WAVE OF INFECTED HEAD ACROSS THE BARGE FOR
THEM.

There’s no way to win. Nowhere to go.   April looks for a
weapon.

Bedford thinks and a beat later, LIGHTS THE TORCH BACK UP.
As if to use it as a weapon.

                    BEDFORD
          Get in the water.

                    APRIL
          What?

He POINTS THE TORCH AT THE OXYGEN TANK. April doesn’t
understand.
                                                           99.


                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          What are you doing!!?

                    BEDFORD
          Get in the water!

Bedford finds a SCRAP OF WEBBING in the trash- starts to
WRAP IT AROUND THE TORCH TO KEEP IT AIMED AT THE TANK.

                     BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          I’ll be right behind you! Get in
          the water!

The infected are extremely close, but the churning dark water
is equally terrifying.

                      APRIL
          I can’t--

                      BEDFORD
          GO!

                      APRIL
          No!

                    BEDFORD
          You have to.

                      APRIL
          What?

April is amazed by what she hears. He looks to her.

                    BEDFORD
          Your daughter! She’s sick! There
          may still be time...

April is awash as that hits her like a thunderbolt.
Conmfused and horrified she can bare begin to ask how he
knows that when--

                      BEDFORD (CONT'D)
          Save her!

HE KICKS HER and she GOES OVER THE EDGE and INTO THE WATER.
Bedford TIES OFF THE WEBBING. The tank glows red hot.
Bedford gets up to jump, BUT--

HE’S GRABBED AND QUICKLY ENGULFED BY THE HORDE.

April bobs violently as SHE’S SWEPT AWAY- only occasionally
getting a glimpse back at the now burning barge-- just enough
to see BEDFORD FIGHTING THE INFECTED and trying to muscle his
way to the water when--
                                                         100.


BOOOOOOOOM! The tank EXPLODES and sets half the barge and
the entire night sky ALIGHT.

Shocked and horrified, April forgets to swim a moment as she
watches. However, she is fully clothed and resumes
struggling to swim as she moves downriver.

She GASPS while trying to remove her shoes and stay afloat.

With each attempt, she disappears under the water and
resurfaces. But the longer it continues, the longer she
remains under- until finally the water CONSUMES HER...

UNDERWATER- She is pulled ever downward, looking up at the
dull glow of light above. She fights the current and
exhaustion, swimming for the light, but gets no closer...

BACK AT THE SURFACE, we wait for her to emerge.    But she
never arrives...

We hear nothing but the river.

                                              SLOW FADE OUT:


OVER BLACK

PRELAP-- the sound of horrible animal noises.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - HALLWAY - MORNING

Isabella, exhausted, stands in the hall listening to the
TERRIBLE NOISES coming from Posey’s room.

The sound is GUTTURAL with strange HIGH PITCHED WHEEZING
intermixed. There are elements that one would describe as
human but for the most part they are horrifyingly alien.

                       JOSH
             Isabella, bring a bowl of cold
             water.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER

Isabella lays the bowl in the sink with shaking hands. She
hangs onto the edge of the porcelain for reassurance... or is
she trying to hold fast for the storm she is about to enter?

Steeling herself as best she can, she takes the bowl and the
small stack of rags she has prepared and EXITS THE ROOM.

                                                    CUT TO:
                                                        101.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - LATER

Sweet little Posey is almost gone.

The room has been turned into a cell. Windows BAFFLED to
stifle the noise- all unnecessary furniture moved to a
different room. SHEET PLASTIC hung in an attempt to make a
biological barrier.

SHE IS MOTTLED AND ASHEN.   SWEATING PROFUSELY. DELIRIOUS.

She utters an unearthly RATTLE - a quaver that sends a jolt
of electricity to Josh’s spine.

Isabella, masked, enters the room and sets the bowl and rags
down next to the bed.

A masked Josh takes a towel, moistens it and tries to cool
her fever when-- BLAAACHH! She vomits into her mask.

Isabella and Josh freeze, staring at the mess. Something
fills them with dread-- SPLOTCHES OF BLOOD throughout the
dripping liquid. They both look up to see the same thing
pooled around Posey’s nostrils.

They look to one another, knowing they’ve reached a terrible
milestone in the course of her disease.

                                                   CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER

They sit on the couch completely exhausted. Josh has his eyes
closed but isn’t sleeping. Who could sleep?

Isabella stares at him. This experience has brought them
together as a family in a way she would have previously
thought impossible. They’ve become reliant on each other
emotionally and the resulting bond is elemental and profound.

                    ISABELLA
             Dad?

Josh opens his eyes, wondering if he just heard her call him
‘dad’. She struggles to somehow find the strength to ask what
needs to be asked, but Josh understands what she’s trying to
say. He reaches out to grab her hand.

He looks at her and nods... as if to say, “I know.”

It’s time.

                                                   CUT TO:
                                                          102.


EXT. RIVERBANK - MORNING

All is peaceful at the RIVERSIDE in the shadow of the wall.

RUSTY old CONCERTINA WIRE snakes along the shoreline. A few
long DEAD BODIES AND SKELETONS of infected victims that
managed to get across are tangled within it.

Eventually we reveal April- on her side, head on the shore,
the rest of her in the water.

She blearily comes to, BAG still slung around her, as she
struggles to her feet and assesses. No sign of the BARGE, no
sign of anything. All she knows is she’s on the side of the
river she wants to be on.

She limps toward the wall-- An interlocking construction of
cargo containers stretching up toward the sky like a giant
stack of legos-- hastily constructed, but no less ominous,
imposing and seemingly impassible.

And to make things worse--

A CRACK from the brush.    Then ANOTHER.

Fuck. They’re here.

And as she turns to face her fate, she is surprised to see--

DOGS. A small pack of muddy, half starved, FERAL DOGS.

They stare at her, sizing her up until-- they conclude she’s
not worth their time and turn back the way they came. As
they move, they REVEAL A DOG STANDING BEHIND THEM.

And although it’s muddy from its chest to its paws, the
MARKINGS on his face and coat make it clear...

IT’S THE DOG THAT INFECTED HER, no question about it. Still
alive, probably living off the corpses along the shoreline.
But how can he be on this side of the wall?

APRIL IS AGOG. There must be a way through.

And as April sets to following him--

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. RIVERBANK - FOOT OF THE WALL - MORNING

April arrives at the base of the wall, which is half-
submerged in mud- Up close, the wall is not in good shape-
Rusty and compromised from the weight.
                                                        103.


She finds a dog trying to squeeze through A RUSTED HOLE of an
opening peeking above the mire. It’s not much of an opening,
based on the fact that even these emaciated dogs have trouble
getting through.

Watching the last dog disappear inside, April drops down on
all fours and puts her head through.

Inside the container it’s a world of blackness.

She pulls her head out again and considers the wall. Maybe
there’s a better option somewhere el-

SNAP!

She turns her head and SCANS THE TREES. In the distance- a
lone infected moves past.

It moves away from her, but its presence is enough to shake
her. She senses something is wrong. Quickly she moves toward
where it came from- toward the river.

The trees grow less dense and the dark nature of her
situation begins to resolve itself when she sees--

THE SMOLDERING BARGE HAS RUN AGROUND nearby and it’s full
compliment of infected are SPILLING OFF ONTO THE BANK. They
fall over themselves, some of them burned, attacking each
other and writhing like a tub of nightcrawlers dropped on the
deck of a fishing boat.

Gut punched, she watches them... until she realizes that in
fact, she is the one who is being watched.

THEY CHARGE TOWARD HER IN A SUDDEN TERRIFYING SURGE.

April runs back toward the wall. The hole will have to work.

But how can it?

                                                    CUT TO:

Diving into the mud before the hole, she can’t move the earth
away fast enough. She scans the area for some sort of tool -
but this turn of the head reveals a desperate situation.

They are CLOSE. Too close. Moving fast. She has no time. It’s
too late.

Desperate, she lies on her belly and tries to wriggle her way
though. No longer able to stifle her panic, she SCREAMS as
she tries to force herself even an inch forward.

Suddenly something GIVES- and she SLIDES FORWARD.
                                                         104.


The mud proves to be the advantage she was looking for.
Offering enough lubrication for her to make some headway.


INT. CARGO CONTAINER - CONTINUOUS

Covered in mud, she slides her waist through. Soon she is
able to use her arms to push down on the wall and soon enough
she pulls the rest of herself inside.

INFECTED storm the hole, quickly cutting off what little
light leaks into the container. They are having as much
trouble bridging the hole as April had. She takes this slim
advantage to let her eyes adjust and reconnoiter.

She blinks to try to crack the blackness. She can discern
the crude volume of the space but little else. She whips her
head BACK to see-

TWO GLOWING RED POINTS from the far side of the container
draw her attention.

They are a DOG’S EYES, refracting the meager light.

They vanish quickly but she moves toward them- glancing back
just as the first infected MAKES ITS WAY THROUGH THE HOLE
behind her.

More by touch than sight, April finds a rusty passage.
Quickly she enters the ADJOINING CHAMBER.


INT. FLOODED CARGO CONTAINER - CONTINUOUS

A strange place - this container has slipped below the
previous one and is now nearly completely FLOODED WITH
BOGGISH GREEN WATER. Out of options, she slides into the
disgusting water without hesitation.

She wades forward, chest deep, into BLACKNESS-- stopping only
for a moment to gain a clue as to what direction to proceed.

A LOW SCRATCHING SOUND from the corner draws her. The
scratching is moving across the roof above her. Is it dog
feet? The sound their claws make walking on a hard surface?

She jumps as she BUMPS INTO SOMETHING--

A half-rotted DOG CARCASS bobs to the surface. She notices
there are SEVERAL MORE around her- Eyes rotted out, festering
with unspeakable corruption- they chide her silently.

How many of these poor creatures died in here swimming around
hopelessly until they drowned?
                                                         105.


A new hell draws her eyes back to the hole she just passed
through - SEVERAL INFECTED HAVE MADE THEIR WAY THOUGH--
SLIDING INTO THE WATER and making their way toward her.

She moves away and toward corner she heard the scratching
sound-- There has to be way through.


INT. SPACE BETWEEN CONTAINERS - MOMENTS LATER

When the containers settled into the mud, it opened a gap
between them, creating a narrow PASSAGE that April now finds
herself.

She pulls herself up into the narrow space. Desperately she
crawls forward on her belly.

But the infected are right behind her, coming into the
passage. Coming her way. Gaining on her!

April has to move faster but has no idea where she is headed.

At the far end of the passage, the space opens up and she
finds that she can actually stand up into a NARROWER VERTICAL
SPACE. She immediately understands where she is.

The corroded, failing structure of the containers has made a
gap-- leading her to a set of CONTAINER DOORS. She feels
around searching for what must be there.

She finds it! THE DOOR HANDLE. Following her fingers she
finds the door slightly ajar-- offering a space for her to
slither through.


INT. DARK CONTAINER - CONTINUOUS

She gets into the barely lit container but suddenly stops and
looks back toward the light coming in the door where the
infected are already crawling through on all fours. Three of
them, scampering over each other like hamsters.

April tries to find another way out in the dim light, but a
scampering infected inadvertently KICKS THE DOOR SHUT -

ALL IS BLACK NOW.

                                              SMASH CUT TO:


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY'S ROOM - LATER

Isabella sits on the bed, alone with Posey. Posey has entered
a quiet sleep and looks almost peaceful.
                                                       106.


                     ISABELLA
          When I was little I always used to
          wake mom up early and ask her if
          she could make me a little sister.
          Every morning. It drove her crazy.
          She used to snap at me but it
          didn’t stop me. I just kept asking.
          But when they finally got around to
          it things were different then I
          thought. Instead of having someone
          I could play with or even a baby
          doll I could dress up-- I got a
          squirmy squeaker who was either
          puking or crapping on me. Mom was
          so busy she basically ignored me. I
          wasn’t old enough to understand--
          but I guess I was wondering how I
          fit in. One day when you were
          sitting in your high chair. Queen
          of the table spitting out anything
          Mom gave you. Eatin’ nothin. I made
          a funny face and you laughed. Boy
          did you laugh. I fed you something
          and down it went. Then I knew who I
          was. I was the only one who could
          get you to eat. It filled me up
          because you needed me.
              (then)
          And I kinda don’t know if you knew
          how much I needed you too.

And as our hearts break-


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - HALLWAY - LATER

Josh waits in the hallway. Isabella exits her room and closes
the door behind her. Josh’s eyes convey something intense is
coming down. It’s time.

                    ISABELLA
          Are you sure?

He looks at her with certainty and strength unseen until this
point and nods. Isabella, unafraid to show weakness, embraces
him and SOBS.

After a beat he lifts her head up.

                    JOSH
          Leave the house Bella.

                    ISABELLA
          No- I want to stay--
                                                         107.


                       JOSH
             No. I’ll do it alone. Let me do
             this. This can’t be the last way
             you see her. I haven’t been much to
             you. I’ve let you down in a lot of
             ways. So I’m asking, to let me do
             this alone.

She looks at him. He needs to feel like he’s taking care of
the only person he has left in the world. Isabella concedes
with a nod.

Josh kisses her on the cheek and it’s not until now that we
see the GUN IN HIS WAISTBAND.

He watches her go, then fixes his attention on Posey’s door.
And as he heads toward it--

                                               CUT TO BLACK:


OVER BLACK

PRELAP the SOUND of PANTING BREATH, rattling and aggressive.

                                                    CUT TO:


INT. CLUTTERED CONTAINER - CONTINUOUS

ON APRIL. HIDING in a CLUTTERED CONTAINER-- listening to the
unseen. THE PANTING. THEM, drawing nearer to her.

The strange RATTLE of their labored breathing is so close one
could feel the heat of their bodies as they move past her,
groping into the darkness.

They are still hunting her. April tries to move stealthily
in the shadows, moving slowly along the wall- hoping against
hope to find the passageway that the dogs used.

She tries to stay silent. Not a whimper or a wasted breath.

The sound of bodies COLLIDING-

An infected WAILS HUNGRILY and noisily LUNGES.

CHAOS as the sound of WAILING and BODIES flailing in the
darkness denote a deadly encounter- but a HIGHER PITCHED
wail tells us it’s two infected FIGHTING ONE ANOTHER.

April MOVES AWAY from the scuffle, trying to stay hidden,
STOPPING as we hear the other two infected RIPPING THE HIGH
PITCHED WAILER APART.
                                                        108.


Barely able to see, April has only her ears to illustrate
them digging into flesh and unzipping its belly. The
unmistakable sound of viscera SPILLING ONTO SHEET METAL and
cartilage popping under ravenous teeth.

It shatters April’s mind.   But it’s also one less infected to
worry about.

As the carnage settles down, SCRATCHING ABOVE draws April
farther from the infected and toward what we can only surmise
are DOG PAWS and gradually-- A SOURCE OF SUNLIGHT.


INT. ANGLED CONTAINER - CONTINUOUS

Rapturous light bathes April as she climbs through the hole
and rises to her feet in a container severely angled up
toward the opened sky.

UP THE SLOPE at the other end she can make out the open door
and through them she can see the source of the light. Without
taking time to judge the space she climbs up- slipping on the
steel floor but finding footholds where she can.

Nearing the top, a SCREAM from the other end draws her eyes.
She looks back to see-

ONE OF THE INFECTED HAS FOUND ITS WAY IN. Making a
miscalculation, she decides to speed up her ascent,
undermining her footing.

She grabs at a RUSTY PIECE OF BRACING, but it BENDS. She
LOSES HER GRIP- leaving the sharp piece of metal DANGLING
PRECIPITOUSLY.

To her horror she finds herself SLIDING DOWN THE INCLINE AND
INTO THE ARMS of her waiting pursuer.

At the last moment she KICKS OUT-- knocking the hunter off
its feet. She lands ON HER BACK with a THUD -- but seizes a
tiny moment in time to resume her climb.

But just then- the other infected ENTERS AND LUNGES.

IT HAS HER.

She struggles with it as BLOODY TEETH SNAP AT HER EARS while
the other one gets up and GETS A HAND ON HER. Adrenaline,
already coursing through her blood in pints, surges. She
KICKS AND PUNCHES CONVULSIVELY. It does nothing.

If only she had a weapon. She looks up to the dangling piece
of bracing and gives one more desperate effort to LASH OUT
and PUSH THEM BACK.
                                                          109.


Then, putting her back against the slope - she PUSHES OFF
WITH HER LEGS and slides her body up the slope.

She REACHES UPWARD, STRETCHING FOR THE DANGLING PIECE OF
METAL BRACING.

She PULLS HERSELF AWAY from the grinding jaws and UPWARD
toward salvation.

The infected pursue her- but the slope and their diseased
minds inhibit their progress.

She’s so close to grabbing the potential weapon, she
stretches, SHE GRABS IT, but--

The last infected makes another spastic LUNGE-- landing a
hand on April’s pant leg and PULLING HER DOWN with the
BRACING IN HAND.

                                                SMASH CUT TO:


EXT. CUL DE SAC / CLEARING - SHORT TIME LATER

Isabella walks the neighborhood, trying to do what Josh
asked, but her helpnessness and burden dominate all.

As she comes to a small clearing at the edge of the
neighborhood, she turns her eyes to the sky in a show of hope
and internal prayer.

MUSIC as she fights back her thoughts of what’s to come...


INT.   POSEY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

MUSIC CONTINUES as Josh sits beside Posey, quaking from
fever, taking labored breaths. His eyes water as he tries to
find the strength to do what needs to be done. Then-

He reaches for something OFFSCREEN. For a moment we think
it’s the gun, but we soon reveal-- it’s her copy of Mouse on
a Motorcycle. He opens it to a dogeared page in the last
chapter.

                     JOSH
           We’re almost done...

MUSIC CONTINUES as he starts to READ.

                     JOSH (CONT'D)
           Ralph was a hero in the mouse hole
           that night. His admiring relatives
           gathered around...
                                                         110.


EXT. CLEARING - CONTINUOUS

MUSIC and JOSH’s READING CONTINUE as Isabella makes her way
up the small rise at the edge of her development. The cul-de-
sac lays splayed out behind her like an immense wagon wheel.

                    JOSH (V.O.)
          ...Ralph dragged his heels to brake
          the motorcycle. Quietly he parked
          it beside the bed and...

She moves toward the path that would lead little Posey and
her to school every day.

The path that goes to the park. The park that had the dog.
The dog that ate the body. She trudges on instinctually-
unable to look back or even to imagine the horrible goings-on
behind her.

                    JOSH (V.O.)
          ...quietly he removed his crash
          helmet and hid it behind the
          curtain....


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - POSEY’S BEDROOM - LATER

MUSIC CONTINUES as Josh sits beside Posey, finishing the last
words of the book.

                    JOSH
          He did not want to disturb the
          sleeping boy. Ralph could wait to
          ride the motorcycle. It was his to
          keep.

Emotionally wrecked but resolute, he closes the book and lays
it next to her bedside lamp... and the PISTOL.

He reaches for it and--

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. CLEARING - CONTINUOUS

MUSIC CONTINUES as Isabella takes a deep breath, as if
bracing herself for the coming gunshot until--

--something draws her attention:

A LONE FIGURE in the far distance- COMING TOWARD HER.
Straggled and filthy, despite a state of near exhaustion, the
figure moves toward her. Is it one of the infected?
                                                       111.


Isabella STOPS - paralyzed. She must be losing her mind. It’s
an eerie sight, but soon she realizes...

It’s her MOTHER.

It can’t be, but it is... and she starts to run toward her.

Isabella launches herself forward-- running toward April
until they meet on the crest of the hill-- rolling to a stop
feet apart.

Confused and overcome with emotion, Isabella falls to her
knees, dissolving into tears.

April goes to her and WRAPS HER UP IN HER ARMS.

                    APRIL
          It’s me, sweetheart. It’s me.

Isabella returns the hug with ferocity, nearly knocking April
down.

                    ISABELLA
          I knew it...I knew it...

April looks into her eyes, deep set with worry.

                    APRIL
          Is Posey still... ?

April can’t say it. But Isabella’s dread has the
implications quickly dawning on her.


                                            SMASH CUT TO:


INT. CUL-DE-SAC - SHORT TIME LATER

Propelled by terror, April and Isabella dash through the now
familiar neighborhood.

Isabella has a considerable lead on her mother and as she
runs, she gets the ATTENTION of the neighbors.

Passing COLE’S HOUSE, Isabella sees Jen and Cole take notice
from the opened garage. A moment later, they SPOT APRIL
passing by.

Jen is rapt at the sight of her old friend who is somehow
alive. Absolutely awestruck as if witnessing a miracle, she
can only watch April run for the house behind Isabella--

                                            SMASH CUT TO:
                                                        112.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - VARIOUS - CONTINUOUS

Isabella is first in, still well ahead of her mother.   She
heads straight to Posey’s room when-

BANG!!!

The gunshot stops her dead in her tracks for a moment, unable
to scream or comprehend what awaits her a few feet away.

She staggers forward, entering into the room to find Josh
choking back an ocean of self recrimination. He throws the
gun to the ground.

Isabella turns to the bed to find--

POSEY IS UNWOUNDED.   A smoldering BULLET HOLE in the
HEADBOARD.

                    JOSH
          I tried.... I tried... I can’t...

Isabella is frozen still when April arrives at the door-
trying to assess what happened before going to Posey’s
bedside.

As if in a dream, Josh watches her- trying to make sense of
the fact that his wife is standing right in front of him.

He’s in absolute shock, dumbstruck. As a wave moves through
him he falls to pieces. How can this be true?

                      JOSH (CONT'D)
          How...?

April turns her attention to him. Moving closer, she tries to
comfort him-- but he pulls away.

                      APRIL
          Josh...

                    JOSH
          I gave up. I thought it was
          impossible. I gave up. I should
          have fought for you but I didn’t. I
          didn’t.

April wraps him up and waits for him to slowly turn to her.

                    APRIL
          How can you say that? How? Somehow
          you kept these two little girls
          alive. You kept them alive and safe
          and I can’t imagine how.
                    (MORE)
                                                       113.

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
          Honey you didn’t give up on me
          because these girls- they are me.
          You understand me? They are me.
              (then)
          Now you get to your feet and you
          help me now. Because we need to get
          this little one someplace safe. She
          isn’t going to die. Do you hear me?
           You don’t die. They’ve been lying
          to us. You don’t die.

                    ISABELLA
          How...? Where...?

April’s eyes fill with tears as she recalls her conversation
with her from earlier.

                    APRIL
          Appalachia sweetheart. It’s real.

Hope has survived in her somehow from hell and back and
Isabella can scarcely believe it. She basks in its glow and
smiles.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          We need to take her and go. We need
          to get out of here - now. People
          are coming and they’re gonna take
          her.

Josh nods, coming out of it.

                    JOSH
          But...

He wants to say she’s already gone, but--

                    APRIL
          She‘s gonna live.

Josh doesn’t understand fully but moves toward Posey to undo
her bonds.


INT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - GARAGE - SHORT TIME LATER

Josh and April finish tying Posey up in the back seat of the
truck’s crew cab. She thrashes instinctively, COUGHING
REPEATEDLY, but isn’t strong enough to pose a threat.

They tape a sheer plastic sheet to the roof to isolate her
from the others.
                                                       114.


Isabella tosses some essentials in the bed as her parents
emerge from the back seat and close the doors.

Josh heads for the driver’s seat and as April and Isabella
pour into the car, HE STARTS the engine and pushes the DOOR
OPENER BUTTON.

The door opens, Josh PULLS OUT INTO THE DRIVEWAY TO FIND--


EXT. CONSTANCE HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - DAY

THE NEIGHBORS, INCLUDING JEN AND COLE, standing at the end of
the driveway, blocking their path and DRAWING CLOSER.

Josh stops the truck and puts it in park.

                    APRIL
          Don’t let them see her...

She opens her door, Josh follows her lead--

And as he meets up with April in front of the truck, the
neighbors pepper them with questions--

                    JEN
          How?

Jen is tearing up at the sight of her.

                    VARIOUS NEIGHBORS
          How are you here? Where have you
          been? What’s going on? Etc...

Isabella gets out too, she sees COLE standing behind his
mother.

BACK ON JEN, trying to get answers.

                    JEN
          How?

A wave of discomfort sweeps through the group.

                    APRIL
          I was over there. I survived. All
          of us can survive-- You’re being
          lied to. People are just being
          thrown away...

They can’t believe their ears, but that’s when POLICE SIRENS
IN THE DISTANCE get their attention.

Other neighbor, RICKY arrives- rifle slung from his shoulder-
                                                       115.


                    RICKY
          We heard a shot... we called
          them...

April grows worried. VIOLENT COUGHING from inside their truck
gets everyone’s attention. Fear builds ever more.

                     APRIL
          We have to go. Now. Please just let
          us pass...

The crowd aren’t sure what to do as April and Josh go back
the truck--

                       MATT
          NO!

MATT APPEARS-- his HK SERVICE PISTOL aimed at them both.
Cole and his mother are aghast.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          What the fuck is going on here?!

                    JEN/COLE
          Matt! Dad no-

                    MATT
          She’s sick!

                       APRIL
          No I-m--

                       MATT
          STAY BACK!

He trains the gun on April.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          How do we know that? Huh? Let’s
          just wait for the cops-

Josh starts to reach for the pistol in his waistband, but
Matt is onto him instantly.

                       MATT (CONT'D)
          Don’t!

Matt turns the gun on Josh, then reaches out, gesturing to
him to hand it over. Josh complies when--

COUGH COUGH COUGH!   Posey can be heard in the car.

All eyes turn.
                                                       116.


                    MATT (CONT'D)
          What the fuck is that...?

Matt manuevers around toward the truck and quickly sees sick
Posey tied up in the back.

                     APRIL
          Matt no.

                     MATT
          Jesus.   She’s one of them! She’s
          sick!

                    APRIL
          I got through it! So can she! So
          can everyone! I’m proof.

They struggle to believe her but everyone is on tenterhooks-
fearful and potentially aggressive.

Chaos is burbling. The coughing grows more awful.

                    VARIOUS NEIGHBORS
          How long has she been this way?
          You’re playing with our lives!

                    APRIL
          Wait- don’t be afraid-- We’re going
          to take her away from here. We’re
          going to be careful. We’re going
          to get her well-

                    JOSH
          Just let us g--

                    MATT
          Fuck off! And what about her!?
              (re: April)
          She was on the other side! She
          could still be carrying it!! They
          can kill us all!

Ricky tries to calm the situation.

                    RICKY
          Look at her Matt- she looks fine--

                    MATT
          Fuck that! I don’t care what
          happened-- it don’t make her one of
          us! Not anymore!

Matt points the gun at the truck. Isabella SCREAMS.   The
whole situation explodes as people panic.
                                                          117.


                    MATT (CONT'D)
          I’m putting an end to this!

He keeps the crowd at bay as he makes his way back to the
truck and OPENS THE DOOR TO get a good shot on Posey--

Pale, heaving for breath after a coughing jag, her
nightmarish appearance further disturbs the crowd. Matt puts
the gun barrel to her head and--

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          It’s the only way!

Cole reacts to intervene- RUNS TOWARD HIS FATHER while Josh
DIVES FOR MATT and-

COUGH!!!! Posey hacks into Matt’s face-   SPATTERING HIS FACE
AND SHIRT WITH BLOOD DROPLETS.

Dumbstruck with shock, he freezes-- calculating the
implications until-

COUGH!! She does it again-- this time SPATTERING HIS EYES.

He backs off- semi blinded and full of horror.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          NO! No no no-- get it off!

He staggers to the crowd.   They freak out accordingly.

                    MATT (CONT'D)
          Get something! Get it off!

Seizing the moment, April grabs Isabella’s hand and pulls her
back to the truck.

The neighbors can only stare as Matt grows ever more hopeless
and panicked- none more so than his own family.

                     MATT (CONT'D)
          Somebody help me! Why won’t anyone
          help me?!!

Matt moves toward the crowd. They instinctively back away as
if from a leper, but he keeps coming.

                     MATT (CONT'D)
          Help me!

Even Cole and Jen back away from him. Betrayed and
desperate, he rushes closer. Everyone lurches backward until
RICKY RAISES HIS RIFLE AND HOLDS HIM OFF.
                                                       118.


                    RICKY
          Stay the fuck where you are!

                    MATT
          Rick--

                    RICKY
          Stay the fuck where you are!

Matt is awash in consequences, quickly coming to grips with
his future, speechless and panicked.

As Matt suffers, Josh motions for Isabella and April to back
away toward the truck.

Isabella turns her attention to Cole. He looks at her, lost-
aware that she’s leaving but unable to go.

                    ISABELLA
          He can survive it...

He looks back at her, helpless.

                    ISABELLA (CONT'D)
          Tell everyone.

Isabella heads for the truck. SIRENS DRAWING CLOSER.

                                                  CUT TO:

The shell shocked neighbors fan out away from the horror and
the family DRIVES AWAY from the surreal scene, their exit
barely noticed.

Shocked and shaken, the family drives to the end of the cul
de sac and TURNS THE CORNER onto the MAIN ROAD, vanishing
from our sight and-


I/E. ROAD / TRUCK - DAY

MUSIC CONTINUES as April, Josh, Isabella and Posey make their
way EASTBOUND- out of town to safety, their community growing
farther away from them.

They’re a family again, driving away to find somewhere safe,
somewhere they can get their daughter well and start again.

                                             DISSOLVE TO:
                                                       119.


EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - CONTINUOUS

MUSIC CONTINUES as POLICE CARS and USVC vehicles ARRIVE on
the cul-de-sac and head for the house.

Pulling to the curb, OFFICER BLAKE emerges from his cruiser,
to take in the scene. Matt crying on the ground, held at
gunpoint while the others watch.

As the USVC team makes their way through the neighbors to
quarantine Matt, the neighbors’ HEADS BEGIN to turn, everyone
STARING AT Blake.

Blake can’t help but notice that he is becoming the focus of
this group of people he is supposed to protect--

--people now filled with questions they want answers to.

And as the Blake locks eyes with his soon to be inquisitors-

                                             DISSOLVE TO:


I/E. ROAD / TRUCK - CONTINUOUS

MUSIC CONTINUES as the family drives on.

April looks back at Posey as she sleeps. She reaches into her
bag and pulls out the plush HEDGEHOG, placing it next to her.

Isabella looks out to the side of the road. To the passing
mailboxes and trees... the shadows growing long... to the
future....

April reaches out and grabs Josh’s hand and squeezes it
affectionately. She looks up to his face for a moment of
reciprocation, but his eyes are glued to the road ahead.

He’s alarmed.

Quickly she follows his gaze to see what he’s looking at. As
the road rises ahead, invisible until it was to late, sits a
HEAVILY MANNED CHECK POINT.

                    JOSH
          Isabella- cover her up.

Isabella pulls down the plastic sheeting and pulls off
Posey’s surgical mask-- then covers her restraints and mouth
with the blanket.

It’s effective but Isabella is terrified.
                                                       120.


                    APRIL
          Let’s just keep it calm.

April gives Isabella an reassuring glance.


EXT. CHECKPOINT - MOMENTS LATER

The truck pulls up to a stop and a YOUNG SOLDIER approaches
them. Josh rolls down his window.

                     JOSH
          Problem?

Inexperienced, but trying to project an air of authority the
soldier leans forward.

                    YOUNG SOLDIER
          We have a vector protocol incident
          on the river, ‘fraid we’re closed
          here.

                    JOSH
          We’re just trying to get home.

                     YOUNG SOLDIER
          Where?

                    JOSH
          We’re heading to Cooper and they
          let us through the last road block
          a few miles back so we could get
          through before they shut down the
          highway. This is the only way to
          Cooper so...

                    YOUNG SOLDIER
          They didn’t send any information
          ahead about you so I really don’t
          know what’s...

He looks around to see if anyone outranking him is nearby to
give advice. From his expression, all the soldiers milling
around are just as inexperienced as him.

                    JOSH
          C’mon- it’ll be ok... I just want
          to get these sleepy girls home.

He considers it a moment.

                    JOSH (CONT'D)
          You got kids?
                                                         121.


                      YOUNG SOLDIER
          Just one.

                    JOSH
          Then you know what I mean...

The soldier nods knowingly.    It looks like it may go Josh’s
way until--

                    YOUNG SOLDIER
          I’m gonna have to ask my Colonel.

Josh and April’s faces fall as the soldier backs away and
walks to a parked HUMVEE nearby.

The window opens and the body language of the soldier clearly
indicates he’s chatting with an unseen ranking officer until-

The humvee door opens and the young soldier steps away from
the car as an OFFICER climbs out of the passenger seat.

It’s STENZ. Former aide to Bedford.

Newly minted Colonel insignias are visible on his collar as
he heads toward them.

April notices him with shock. Josh and Isabella notice her
change in demeanor instantly. Tension begins to fog the air.

                    ISABELLA
          What? What is it?

April quiets her with a shake of the head, then turns away
and ducks down as Stenz is upon them.

                    STENZ
          What’s going on here?

                    YOUNG SOLDIER
          Just a family- They’re not locals
          so I’m not sure if they’re subject
          to...

Stenz examines the truck. April tries to bury her face
further. This action itself raises Stenz’s suspicion. He
silences the soldier.

Slowly, he walks around to April’s side of the vehicle eyes
locked on her.

Josh plays out the scenarios in his mind. His body language
seems to indicate that he may jump into foolhardy action
which April stiffles with a touch of his hand.
                                                          122.


Isabella sinks back into her seat, overcome with doom.

Stenz arrives at April’s window and now he has a clear view
of her face. He can’t quite place her but she definitely
looks familiar.   He quickly becomes suspiscious.

He changes his focus, studying everyone-    Josh, Isabella, and
finally, Posey.

                     COLONEL STENZ
           Lower the window please.

Josh swallows hard as he can do nothing but comply. The
motorized window lowers and Stenz stares closely. He notices
the faintest trace of her wrist restraint peeking from under
the blanket.

He’s about to let it go when he HEARS SOMETHING.

An UNEARTHLY GUTTURAL RATTLE comes from beneath the blanket
that covers her face. He pulls back the blanket to see blood
spatter on Posey’s mouth.

Sudden alarm climbs up his throat as he looks to April,
FINALLY PLACING HER. But before he can act--

                     APRIL
           Wait-

April remains very calm and speaks to him in a serene voice.

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
           Just wait. Look at me.

Her incongruous tone holds his attention.

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
           You know me. You know who I was and
           where I was headed.

He does.

                     STENZ
           But...

                     APRIL
           You’re a colonel now. So you know
           what’s possible.

He’s surprised to hear that.
                                                        123.


                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          We’re taking her east. To the
          mountains. I think you know
          where...

How does she know that? He looks to her as if to ask.

                       APRIL (CONT'D)
          Bedford...

He can’t believe his ears. But before Stenz inquire about him
further, April just shakes her head.

He understands, but a moment later, his face tightens up- his
thoughts returning to duty.

April notices and looks to her sleeping daughter.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
          Now look at her.
              (firmer)
          Look at her.

Stenz looks back at Posey. Her bloodied mouth and shallow
breaths. Revulsion quivering in his eyes.

                     APRIL (CONT'D)
          She’s not a monster. Look at her.
              (then)
          She’s just a little girl.

Her voice takes on a tone moral certainty.

                    APRIL (CONT'D)
           She’s just a little girl.

Stenz tramples down a sudden compulsion to act and wipes his
mouth. He looks around, confused and bewildered.

What’s he going to do? It’s anyones guess. He looks April in
the eye and speaks and--

--starts BARKING at his surrounding underlings.

                    STENZ
          Open up! Let them through.

A cold bucket of relief douses the family. Josh throws the
truck into gear and pilots it forward.

MUSIC TAKES OVER as the truck goes through the checkpoint and
onto the quiet highway.
                                                       124.


As they pass, April shares a glance with Stenz. Something
intangible in his eyes lightens her.

And as the car clears frame, WE SEE-

THE DOG-- emerging from woods. And as he trots back toward
the town, we can’t help but think about the implications of
what he did and may continue to do.

And as he heads away...


EXT. HIGHWAY - DUSK

The truck drives toward the setting sun, they take in what
they’re leaving behind and what may be ahead.

They’re headed East.

Toward a new home.

Toward the mountains...

Toward hope.

                                           SLOW FADE OUT:


                           THE END
