                     ESCAPE!



                   Written by


            Seth Rogen & Evan Goldberg




11/2/2020
NOTE TO THE READER:

All the action will be played in as WIDE SHOTS as possible
with as FEW CUTS as possible. It will feel like a Jackie
Chan/Buster Keaton-style stunt extravaganza. Editing will
never be used to hide the faces of the performers, bridge
gaps in the choreography, or reconcile inconsistent blocking.
It will feel like it is all being played out in real life by
real performers interacting with real objects in real spaces.

ALSO:

Please forgive the extremely long description of two
buildings you’re about to read, but we’re going to spend a
lot of time with them, so we promise it’s worthwhile.


EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - DUSK

We see the sun setting, sinking behind an EMPTY and ABANDONED
industrial area on the outskirts of Downtown LA. TWO TOWERING
BUILDINGS facing one another, a narrow street running between
them, the HOLLYWOOD SIGN in the deep background.

TITLE UP: 7:00PM

To the left is a concrete goliath from the 50’s. It’s 25
stories of once stunning brutalist modern architecture, now
aged. A un-illuminated RED NEON SIGN that reads THE WILSHIRE
crawls down the side of the building.

There’s a sign in front of The Wilshire that features a
rendering of TWO NEW ULTRA CONTEMPORARY apartment buildings
with the words “COMING SOON!”.

DIRECTLY ACROSS the street stands one of the BRAND NEW ULTRA
CONTEMPORARY apartment buildings from the rendering. Above
the lobby a sign reads THE GALLERIA.

A LARGE BANNER hangs from The Wilshire to The Galleria: “NOW
LEASING”.

The Galleria is twice as tall as The Wilshire, with sleek
glass, steel, concrete, POPS of brightly colored accents and
LED screens throughout. It’s part apartment building, part
high end mall, filled with luxury stores and fancy
restaurants.

The building is unoccupied, though many rooms are already
furnished. About 20% of it is still being built. A huge
CONSTRUCTION YARD surrounds the back of the building. Half
way up a crane is mounted to the side of the building.

Workers leave both buildings for the night.
                                                            2.


THE CAMERA SLOWLY PANS towards The Wilshire and starts moving
UP and alongside it’s exterior.

As we rise we catch glimpses of the building’s interior. The
apartments are OLD, DECREPIT, and EMPTY. Some of them are
already stripped down, as the building is being prepped for
demolition. We rise to the 20th floor, push towards the
building, and enter...


INT. THE WILSHIRE - 20TH FLOOR - COLE’S APARTMENT -
CONTINUOUS

We see an sparse and rundown apartment filled with boxes. We
TRACK BACK through it and find COLE, a clean and put together
guy in his late-thirties, standing in front of a brand new
record player. He drops the needle onto a spinning vinyl and
turns up the volume:

MUSIC UP: WHOLE LOTTA LOVE by LED ZEPPELIN

- We see Cole opening a series of delivery boxes. Cleaning
products, kitchen supplies, little Ikea rugs, etc. He’s
clearly just moving into this place.

- He starts CLEANING RIGOROUSLY, on his hands and knees,
scrubbing the floor as best he can. He has a DETERMINED look
on his face.

- He VACUUMS every surface, including the curtains.

- As he WIPES down the counters over and over, trying to make
them spotless, we see some JOB APPLICATIONS with his name:
COLEMAN MARKOWITZ. There’s also some PAROLE paperwork in the
stack. He puts the papers in a drawer, clearing the clutter.

- He sees a RAT with black body and white head run by, and
grabs a PAN! He CHASES it into the corner and RAISES the pan,
about to smash it; but then the right looks right at him.

Beat.

                    COLE
          Fuck it. Go little rat. Go.

The rat RUNS off and squirms through a crack in the wall.
Cole keeps cleaning.

- He PAINSTAKINGLY assembles a SHELF from Ikea.

- Cole uses a LASER LEVEL to hang the SHELF on the wall. He
puts some COOKBOOKS, a MUG, and some other stuff on it.
                                                            3.


- He lays a CUTTING BOARD on the counter and then places a
puts a big knife on it, almost staging the space to look
nice.

- Exhausted, he assess the room. All things considered, it
looks pretty good.

                          COLE (CONT'D)
             Not bad...

He SNAPS a picture on his phone, pleased with his hard work.
Then, he nervously goes through his contacts and pulls up
WIFEY. He is about to dial, hesitates for a moment, then
presses the button. It goes STRAIGHT TO THE VOICEMAIL.

Cole gets a TEXT:

WIFEY: I’d rather text than talk to you on the phone.

This upsets Cole, but he pushes forward and TEXTS her:

COLE: Hey. I just haven’t heard from you in a couple days. I
was just checking in to see if you thought more about maybe
seeing me again? Giving me another chance? You could swing by
We could talk in person?

Cole anxiously awaits a response:

WIFEY: I’m not sure.

It’s not the answer Cole was hoping for, but he keeps on:

COLE: I’d love to see you. It’s been like six months. I know
things ended badly between us. I get why you didn’t see me
while I was locked up, but now that I’m out, I’d love to see
you again.

WIFEY: ...

He waits to see what she’s typing, but nothing appears.

COLE: I just want you to know I’m ready. I’ve got my life
back on track. I’ve got a new place. A new job. It’s a whole
new me. Check it out!

He sends the PICTURE of his apartment. He sees her response:

WIFEY: This new job isn’t anything like your old job?

Cole quickly types back:

COLE: Of course not! I’ve completely changed! I’m the
caretaker of this building as they prep it for demolition.
                                                          4.


It’s a big responsibility. I make sure nobody’s here who’s
not supposed to be. It’s like, a legit job.

WIFEY: So you’re responsible now?

COLE: Super responsible! I got a fire extinguisher, like you
were always telling me we should have. First thing I got when
I moved in.

He TAKES A PIC of his FIRE EXTINGUISHER and sends it to her.

WIFEY: I bet you still can’t even keep your phone charged.

Cole looks. It’s at 4%. He doesn’t know how to respond.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Hmmm...

WIFEY: I don’t think I can trust you again. You lied to me
for five years.

COLE: I lied about one thing. Everything else about me was
real.

WIFEY: BEING A CAR THIEF AND LYING ABOUT IT IS A PRETTY BIG
THING!

Cole doesn’t know what to say. He thinks hard, then responds:

COLE: I know I lied to you, and I’ll always regret it, and
I’ve learned my lesson. You know me better than anyone in the
world. You get who I am. And you’ve helped make me a better
person. The type of person you deserve. Please. Can we just
talk on the phone?

ACROSS THE STREET, on the same floor as Cole (20th), we see a
light get FLIPPED on in an apartment. It gets Cole’s
attention, as it’s the only apartment that appears to be
occupied in the entire building.

He watches A WOMAN enter the pre-furnished apartment, rolling
in a large piece of LOUIS VUITTON LUGGAGE and a LOUIS VITTON
PURSE slung over her shoulder.

He takes out a PINK PIECE OF PAPER and texts the number on
it.

COLE: Yo Zac. There’s some lady in The Galleria FYI.

Then another text appears from Wifey.

WIFEY: I know you want to be ready, but I just don’t think
you are.
                                                            5.


Cole hangs his head, devastated.

He debates typing more, but decides against it. He puts the
cell back in his pocket and let’s out a defeated sigh. He’s
so focused on his own sadness that he remains completely
unaware as BEHIND HIM and ACROSS THE STREET the woman’s
apartment door is KICKED OPEN and 20 HEAVILY ARMED THUGS RUSH
IN!!! The woman, sitting in a chair, seems caught off guard
and frozen in fear.

The MAIN THUG, dressed in an CRISP WHITE SUIT that already
has a splatter of blood on it, steps forward and brutally
PUNCHES HER in the HEAD!

Cole, still completely oblivious, grabs a beer and an
UNCOOKED STEAK from the fridge. He FLIPS on the stove, pours
some oil in a pan and tosses the steak on. He CHUGS his beer,
drowning his sorrows.

Behind him, the main thug starts interrogating the woman,
PUNCHING her AGAIN and AGAIN.

Cole sips his beer again, slowly and sadly, still utterly
oblivious. The thugs CONTINUES to beat the woman and then
VIOLENTLY ties her to a chair.

Cole starts to quietly WEEP to himself. He shakes his head,
then CHUGS the rest of his beer. He walks over to his freezer
where there’s a full bottle of Vodka. Cole takes a HUGE SWIG
as, behind him, we see the THUGS in the background yelling at
the woman as they point GUNS at her!

Cole pulls a JOINT out of his SHIRT POCKET and starts taking
BIG, ANGRY HITS as he tries to get fucked up enough to forget
his woes. He sucks down the joint in no time, then TOSSES the
roach across the room, landing it directly in the sink. He
takes ANOTHER SWIG of VODKA and puts the bottle back in the
freezer.

HE looks over to his STEAK, still sizzling in the pan. He
goes over, when he FINALLY sees what’s happening across the
street: over a dozen ARMED THUGS with guns AIMED at a
HELPLESS WOMAN tied to a chair!

                     COLE (CONT'D)
          Oh shit!

He throws his arms up in shock, TOSSING his beer can across
the room. He watches in horror as the main thug PUTS HIS GUN
AGAINST THE WOMAN’S HEAD!

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          No! No, no, no!
                                                         6.


He SCRAMBLES for something to do, and sees the LASER LEVEL
beside him. He picks it up and SHOOTS IT ACROSS THE STREET in
an attempt to distract the killers; it’s RED LASER DOT
appears in the centre of the gun-weilding thugs chest.

The thug notices it and motions for everyone to find COVER.
They scatter, then trace the laser back to it’s source, which
leads all the thugs to look directly at COLE!

                     COLE (CONT'D)
          OH FUCK.

Cole DUCKS down. He thinks for a moment, then scrambles to
pull out his cell. He starts to unlock it, when the BATTERY
RUNS OUT and the phone SHUTS OFF.

Cole starts to panic. His eyes dart around the room. He sees
a CORD plugged into the wall and, staying close to the
ground, scampers towards it. He tries to plug his phone into
it, but it’s an iPad 11 Pro plug, not an iPhone 11 Pro plug.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          FUCKING APPLE!!! HOW MANY DIFFERENT
          PLUGS DO YOU NEED?!

He crawls towards the window and cautiously PEEKS his head
up: he sees the thugs have all taken cover and the MAIN THUG
is motioning for TWO TACTICAL LOOKING THUGS to go TO COLE’S
APARTMENT!

Cole YANKS the curtains shut. He PANICS. He GETS UP and moves
away from the window, tearing open drawers. FINALLY, he finds
a drawer FILLED with different cords.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Oh goddamit! So many cords!

He find the right type of cord and desperately starts to
untangle it from the messy bundle. He frees it, then realizes
it’s JUST the cord, as in there’s no CUBE that actually let’s
you plug it into an outlet!

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Fucking charging cube!

He cautiously goes back to the window and peeks out. There’s
now SEVEN thugs in the room with the woman. The others must
have scattered. He looks DOWN TO THE STREET and sees the TWO
TACTICAL THUGS leaving The Galleria... and coming across the
street to COLE’S BUILDING!

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          OH FUCK ME!
                                                            7.


COLE FREAKS OUT, digging faster until he finally finds a cube
to plug the wire into.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
              (fumbling with the cord)
          Come on... motherfucker...

He immediately plugs his phone into the nearest outlet. The
CHARGING icon comes on, and he realizes it’s going to take a
couple minutes for the phone to come back to life.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Oh what the fucking fuck.

Cole leaves the phone plugged in and RUNS over to his front
door. He opens the door looks down the hall, and sees the
ELEVATOR has left the lobby and is COME UP!

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          SHIT!

Cole DUCKS BACK into his apartment. He looks around for
somewhere to hide. There’s no good options. He runs BACK to
his front door to see if he can make it to the stairs.

He looks down the LONG HALL to the staircase, than BACK to
the elevator. It’s on the 14th FLOOR, 15th FLOOR, 16th
FLOOR!!!

Cole makes a mad DASH for the STAIRCASE, but when he’s about
a third of the way there, he hears the *BING* of the
elevator.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Dammit!

He’ll never make it to the stairs. He TURNS AROUND and RUNS
BACK to his apartment. The elevator doors start to open.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Hey! Yo! Look! I’m-

PHOOM! A GAS CANISTER is LAUNCHED from inside the elevator,
NAILING Cole in the stomach.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Ah!!

GAS SHOOTS EVERYWHERE as one of the tactical thugs named
ANIMAL bursts from the elevator and CHARGES towards Cole!

Cole, COUGHING AND GAGGING, jumps back into his apartment and
closes the door behind him.
                                                         8.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - COLE’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

Cole runs in, panicking as he despseratly GASPS for air. He
looks for somewhere to hide, when Animal KICKS open the the
door.

He RAISES his gun as he steps fowards to make the kill shot,
but SLIPS on the BEER that Cole spilled earlier. He SLAMS to
the ground and LOSES his gun, which SLIDES under the fridge.

Cole, still coughing, tries to RUN out the door but Animal
GRABS his LEG and THROWS HIM towards the kitchen.

                    COLE
              (through coughs)
          Please! I’m...look...I’m-

Animal approaches; he’s clearly not going to listen to
anything. Cole GRABS his new FIRE EXTINGUISHER and HITS
Animal in the face with it, KNOCKING OUT a few of his TEETH.

Animal is PISSED.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          I’m sorry! Listen-

Animal SWINGS at Cole, who raises up the fire extinguisher to
block the blow. Animal’s FIST collides with the top of the
fire extinguisher, causing it to SNAP off. Compressed gas
ROCKETS out of the extinguisher, sending it SOARING out of
Cole’s hands, ricochetting off a wall, and FLYING OUT THE
WINDOW!

Cole is shocked, but Animal doesn’t miss a beat. He GRABS a
KNIFE off of the kitchen counter and THRUSTS it at Cole. Cole
grabs a big bottle of OLIVE OIL and BLOCKS the knife. It
PUNCTURES the bottle and oil SPURTS into Animal’s seyes.

                    ANIMAL
          AHHH!!

Animal BLINDLY LUNGES with the knife again. Cole grabs a
little GARBAGE BIN and puts it over the knife in Animal’s
hand. Animal FLINGS the bin off his hand and WHIPS the KNIFE
at Cole, who HOLDS UP A CUTTING BOARD. It STICKS in the
board. A thankful Cole tosses them both aside and onto a
nearby counter.

Animal PUNCHES Cole, who stumbles back towards the fridge.
Cole SWINGS OPEN the FREEZER DOOR, trying to hit Animal in
the face with it, but Animal just GRABS IT, RIPS IT OFF ITS
HINGES, and WHACKS Cole over the head with it.
                                                         9.


Cole stumbles back and turns to run, but Animal HURLS the
FREEZER DOOR like a giant frisbee, NAILING Cole in the back.

Cole falls, the door landing right beside him. Animal reaches
into the FREEZER and pulls out the BOTTLE OF VODKA. He HURLS
it at Cole, and it NAILS him in the head, but doesn’t break.
Animal looks and the fridge is FULL of vodka bottles. He
HURLS another one, but Cole grabs the FREEZER DOOR and uses
it as a shield. SMASH! The bottle shatters.

Animal grabs a another bottle, breaks it, and advances with
the jagged half-broken bottle. Cole spots a BOX OF BAKING
SODA in the FREEZER DOOR and HURLS IT at Animal, hitting him
in the face and temporarily BLINDING him.

A terrified Cole starts running in a big circle around his
apartment as Animal chases him.

                    COLE
          Look, please stop! Just listen!

                    ANIMAL
          Okay. I’ll stop, let’s talk.

                       COLE
          I’m-

Animal PUNCHES Cole.

                    ANIMAL
          Stupid motherfucker!

Animal punches him again. Cole starts running again, and
Animal chasing. Cole spots the frying pan on the stove with
the steak in olive oil. He runs past it, flipping on the
element. He makes another lap of the apartment. Animal is hot
on his tail.

Animal and Cole face off on opposite sides of the KITCHEN
ISLAND. Cole inches one way, Animal follows. He inches the
other way, and Animal matches him. It’s a stand off. Cole is
incredibly OUT OF BREATH. Animal isn’t, which makes him
smile.

Cole quickly grabs a cup of water and HURLS it at the PAN. It
sends FLAMING OIL SPLASHING ALL OVER ANIMAL, ENGULFING him in
FLAMES!!!

                    ANIMAL (CONT'D)
          AHHHHHH!!! FUCK!! PUT ME OUT!! PUT
          ME OUT!

Animal ROLLS around on the ground. Cole watches in horror.
                                                         10.


                    COLE
          I can’t! You launched my fire
          extinguisher out the window!

                    ANIMAL
          AHHHHHHHH!! PLEASE!!! IT HURTS!!!!

Cole runs to his couch and grabs a throw blanket. HE SMOTHERS
out the flames on Animal.

                    COLE
          It’s okay! I got you!

The flames finally go out and Cole watches as Animal PASSES
OUT from the pain.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          I’m so sorry, dude. Feel better.

Cole RUNS towards the door of his apartment. He stops, looks
back and sees his PHONE, plugged in to the wall near Animal,
who is now lying motionless on the ground, seemingly passed
out from the pain. Cole goes over to Grab it when Animal
SPRINGS to his feet and GRABS Cole by the throat, RAGE IN HIS
EYES.

                      ANIMAL
          YOU FUCK!

HE HOISTS HIM UP and SLAMS him against the wall, choking him.
Cole’s eyes start to roll back. He desperately looks for
something to help him. He grabs a MUG off the shelf above
him, and WHACKS Animal with it. It does nothing. He grabs a
COOKBOOK off the shelf and WHACKS Animal with it. It just
makes him madder. Cole’s going dark.

Then... he sees the CUTTING BOARD WITH THE KNIFE STICKING OUT
OF IT on the counter behind Animal. Cole lobs the COOKBOOK.
It CLIPS the edge of the CUTTING BOARD, which FLIPS it off
the counter, and CATAPULTS the knife into ANIMAL’S SHOULDER!

                      ANIMAL (CONT'D)
          AHHH!!!!!

Animal stumbles back, SLIPS on a pool of OLIVE OIL and
SHATTERED GLASS, and FALLS towards Cole’s window.

CRASH!!! He FALLS OUT THE WINDOW! Cole RUNS to the window and
LOOKS down.

                    ANIMAL (CONT'D)
          AHHHHHHHHHH-
                                                           11.


SPLAT! Animal SLAMS against the pavement. Dead. Cole is
horrified.

He looks across the street and SEES the thugs, a few stories
below, in a DARK ROOM, LOOKING UP to Cole in the window. They
motion to each other and MORE THUGS are clearly sent to kill
Cole!

Cole grabs his CELL and CHARGER, then RUNS out the door.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - 20TH FLOOR - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Cole BARRELS into the hall and RUSHES towards the elevator.
He’s about to hit the down button, when he sees it’s already
on it’s way UP!!! With no other option the exhausted Cole
SPRINTS to the stairwell.

*BING* The elevator arrives. Cole OPENS the door to the
STAIRWELL and dashes in just as the other tactical thug,
HAWK, steps out of the elevator.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - 20TH FLOOR - STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS

Cole, completely out of breathe, leans against the wall,
exhausted. He pulls out his cell and rushes to his contact,
when it suddenly DIES AGAIN.

                    COLE
              (to himself)
          Come on!

Cole PEEKS through a small window in the door and sees Hawk
enter Cole’s apartment.

                     HAWK(O.S.)
          Animal?! I checked the lobby, where
          are you-
              (beat)
          NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Hawk BURSTS into the hallway and takes off his MASK and we
see his looks EXACTLY LIKE ANIMAL. They were twins!

                    HAWK (CONT'D)
          Animal... he fucking killed you. He
          fucking killed mybrother.

                    COLE
              (to himself)
          Fuck... twins!
                                                        12.


Hawk LOOKS towards the STAIRWELL, murder in his eyes, and
angrily RUSHES towards it. Cole, terrified, looks DOWN the
stairwell and sees the stairs are in the midst of being
STRIPPED and REMOVED. There’s no stairs left to go down, so
he runs UP TWO FLIGHTS and exits onto another floor.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - 22ND FLOOR - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Cole runs down the hallway. This floor is being prepped for
destruction. Lots of the walls have been torn down to their
studs. Cole stops for a moment to catch his breath, when he
notices, across the room, an EXTENSION CORD peeking out from
around a corner.

He looks down to his phone and charger, and then starts
moving across the room towards the extension cord, when
*BING*. The elevator arrives. Cole JUMPS behind HALF A WALL
just as the doors open, revealing Hawk. He steps out,
furiously hunting for Cole.

Cole waits till Hawk storms off down another hall, then
continues his way to the cord he saw. He plugs in his cell
and looks at the screen. Nothing. He follows the cord into
the next room.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - TWO LEVEL INDUSTRIAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Cole, quietly goes through a doorway and onto the small
landing at the top of a steel staircase in a two level
industrial area. Cole finds the end of a VERY LONG extension
behind the door, the other end is plugged into an outlet on a
nearby wall. He looks at his phone. Nothing. The outlet isn’t
active.

                    COLE
          Fuck.

HE HEARS HAWK kicking in doors as he makes he way through the
floor.

Cole notices a FUSE BOX on the wall. He opens it, but all the
labels for the fuses have long faded. He SWITCHES one ON.

Suddenly, the song BLUE by EFFIEL 95 starts playing somewhere
nearbye.

                    RADIO (O.S.)
          I’m blue, bah dah dee-

Cole looks down a hall and sees that it’s coming from a RADIO
sitting on some SCAFFOLDING outside a distant window. He
quickly switches the breaker off.
                                                        13.


Cole flips another breaker. The sign outside the building
that reads THE WILSHIRE comes to life! BRIGHT NEON RED LIGHT
floods in through the windows.

He turns on a third breaker, waiting for the worst. NOTHING.
He looks down on this phone and, although it hasn’t come back
to life yet, the CHARGING icon comes on. COLE PUMPS HIS FIST.

                       COLE
                 (whispering)
          Yes!

Cole ANXIOUSLY waits for his phone to come back on, when...
THE EXTENSION CORD IS WRAPPED AROUND HIS NECK and HAWK starts
CHOKING Cole from behind!

                       HAWK
          Gotcha!!

Cole WILDLY STRUGGLES, but holds his phone tight, and quickly
ends up with a length of the cord wrapped around his body.
Amidst the struggle Hawk doesn’t notice he has stepped in a
large tangled pile of the SAME CORD.

BING! An ELEVATOR arrives in the landing area below them and
another thug, BALKI, emerges. He sees the TWO MEN STRUGGLING
and PULLS HIS GUN. He aims. We see his POV. With the two men
struggling upside down, it’s no easy shot.

                       BALKI
          I got him.

                    COLE
          No! You don’t!!!

                       BALKI
          Yeah.
              (beat)
          I do.

BANG! He GRAZES both Hawk and Cole.

            HAWK                            COLE
FUCK!                            SHIT!

                    BALKI
          Shit! I’m comin’ up!

He re-holsters his gun and RUNS up the stairs to help Hawk.

As Hawk continues to choke Cole, he notices the PHONE he’s
clutching and RIPS it out of his hand, then TOSSES it into
the SERVICE ELEVATOR.
                                                        14.


                    COLE
              (being choked)
          Nooo!

Cole KICKS off the wall, slamming Hawk against the railing.
Hawk loses his balance and drops the cord. Cole SHOVES him,
and Hawk falls over the railing.

                    HAWK
          AHH!!!

Balki gets to the top of the stairs and SHOOTS AT COLE, but
Cole is suddenly YANKED over the railing and the BULLET
MISSES! We see the other end of the extension cord has
wrapped around Hawk’s leg and pulled Cole over the edge with
him!

They both PLUMMET towards the floor, but the CORD pulls
TAUGHT right before they hit the floor. Cole is suspended by
his shoulders and right next to him Hawk is upside down,
suspended by his feet.

Balki aims DOWN at Cole but can’t get a clear shot.

                    BALKI
          I got it this time!

                    HAWK
          No! Not again!

                    BALKI
          Fuck! Fine!

He starts running BACK DOWN THE STAIRS.

Cole notices his cell IN THE ELEVATOR. The doors start
closing. Cole GRABS Hawk’s shoe off and THROWS it, hitting
the elevator call button, causing the doors to OPEN AGAIN.

Balki runs up and TACKLES Cole to the ground. This causes the
cord to YANK Hawk UP towards the railing they’re hanging
from. Hawk GRABS the railing, HOLDING ON as he tries to
untangle his foot.

MEANWHILE, below, Balki and Cole thrash on the ground. They
ROLL back UNDER the landing. Balki PULLS his GUN from its
holster and points it at Cole’s head.

                    BALKI (CONT'D)
          Haha!!!
                                                        15.


                    COLE
              (wheezing unintelligibly
               from being choked)
          No- plea-

ABOVE THEM, Hawk LEANS onto the railing for balance as he
tries to untangle his foot, when suddenly, the RAILING
BREAKS! Hawk FALLS over the edge and lands on Cole and Balki.
Hawk and Balki hit the ground HARD and are knocked
UNCONSCIOUS.

And then... the elevator doors start to close again. Cole,
woozy, GRABS a broken piece of the railing and THROWS it at
the button, but this time, he misses. The doors CLOSE and the
elevator, with Cole’s phone in it, starts to ASCEND.

All three of them, tangled up in the cord together, start to
get DRAGGED towards the elevator. Cole tries to free himself
but he can’t. THEY REACH the elevator doors and the CORD
keeps pulling them and starts to CHOKE Cole.

Cole grabs the SHOE he threw earlier and starts to REACH for
the button, when Hawk and Balki start to come to. Cole PICKS
UP the broken piece of RAILING he threw earlier and starts
HITTING them with it. He tries to knock them out again while
DESPERATELY trying to hit the elevator button with the SHOE
in his other hand.

            LUCA                            KORESH
Ow!!                            Fuck! Stop!!

He manages to HIT THE DOWN BUTTON and the elevator starts to
RETURN! The tension is eased, and Cole catches his breath.

BING! He wriggles free as the elevator doors open, revealing
a huge rough looking guy covered in tattoos with a cold look
in his eyes, and a HUGE MACHETE tucked in to his belt. We
meet DUX (as in Put up your Dux) He reaches for the MACHETE.
Cole THROWS the piece of railing at Dux, nailing him in the
face.

                      DUX
          AAH! FUCK

Dux DROPS his MACHETE, and it lands in Cole’s LEG!

                    COLE
          AHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!

He YANKS it out and BLOOD SPURTS!

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
                                                         16.


Cole GRABS his PHONE and CHARGER, which are still plugged in
to the LONG EXTENSION CORD, and RUNS!


INT. THE WILSHIRE - HALLWAY    - CONTINUOUS

Cole ROUNDS a corner, bleeding badly from his leg, still
WHEEZING from being choked. He has his phone in his hand and
is trailing both blood and a long extension cord. He hears
the thugs coming and DUCKS into an ABANANDONED APARTMENT.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - 21ST FLOOR - ABANDONED APARTMENT -
MOMENTS LATER

Cole enters the DARK and ABANDONED apartment that’s been
stripped for demolition. The FLOORBOARDS are decrepit and
TEETER precariously on their support beams. He CLOSES the
door behind him, and starts to take a deep breath, when his
phone is YANKED from his hand! The pursuing thugs must be
pulling it! He LEAPS and GRABS it just before it goes under
the door.

He YANKS IT BACK and WRAPS it around a SUPPORT BEAM. THE
YANKING continues. Cole SHOVES over a HUGE BOOKCASE in front
of the door, blocking it. It CRASHES down, CRACKING through
floorboards and indenting into the floor.

BANG! BANG! He HEARS the thugs try to kick open the door from
the other side.

                    HAWK
          Open up, motherfucker!!!!

Cole, neck still injured and wheezing, tries to yell back.

                    COLE
              (coughing)
          Please- You don’t-

He COUGHS up some blood. He can’t WHEEZ out any more words.
He looks down at his BLEEDING LEG, then to his phone which is
STILL CHARGING. A few pieces of door SPLINTER off as the
THUGS continuously KICK at it.

He goes over to the window, almost falling through the
rickety floorboards as he does.

The “NOW LEASING” banner that hangs between the building is
drilled into the wall beside the window.

Cole looks at the banner and realizes he has no choice but to
try and shimmy along it to the other building. He hesitantly
starts climbing out the window, readies his resolve and...
                                                        17.


... HE CAN’T DO IT. It’s just TOO SCARY. He ducks back inside
the building.

                    HAWK (O.S.)
              (yelling)
          You’re dead, whoever you are! You
          killed my twin brother! A part of
          me died tonight!!!!! I felt him
          die! We had a special twin bond!
          That shit’s real!!

                    COLE
              (wheezing too softly to be
               heard)
          I’m... sorry...

Cole doesn’t know what to do. His phone is still charging,
his LEG is BLEEDING BADLY, and the thugs have almost broken
through.

He sees a tool kit and opens it. There’s stuff like caulking,
a can of foam insulation spray, duct tape and WD40, but no
hammers, screwdrivers or anything that could be a weapon.

The DOOR is moments away from being kicked in!

                    HAWK (O.S.)
              (yelling)
          It doesn’t matter if you call the
          cops now! They won’t be here in
          time! You’re gonna fucking die!

Cole has no options. He sits in the corner, watching as the
door is KICKED open from the outside. He accepts he probably
is gonna die.

                    COLE
          Fuck...

He closes his eyes and leans his head back, tears streaming
down his face. THEN - HIS PHONE STARTS RINGING! It’s finally
come to life! And he’s getting a call - from WIFEY. There’s
LOUD banging, but he answers anyway.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
              (barely able to talk
               still)
          Hello?

He MUTES his end of the phone. WE HEAR his WIFE.

                    WIFEY (O.S.)
          Hey Cole... uh... look... I’ve been
          thinking and...
                    (MORE)
                                                          18.

                    WIFEY (O.S.) (CONT'D)
          it sounds like you’ve really turned
          a corner, and... people can change,
          so, yeah. Let’s grab a cup of
          coffee, in the next couple days or
          something. Does that sound good to
          you?

Cole can’t believe   it. Even though this is clearly the most
perilous moment of   his life, a HUGE smile comes across his
face. Tears of JOY   stream down. The THUGS are still KICKING
the door, but Cole   UNMUTES between kicks for just enough time
to wheez out-

                    COLE
              (raspy)
          Sounds good.

                    WIFEY (O.S.)
          Alright. Looking forward to it.

                       COLE
          Me too.

                       WIFEY (O.S.)
          Talk soon.

She hangs up. BANG!! The thugs have ALMOST MADE IT IN TO THE
ROOM. Cole LOOKS to the DOOR. His EYES NARROW. He has a sense
of RESOLVE. He’s gonna get out of this.

He looks to the toolkit and picks up the can of FOAM
INSULATION SPRAY and some DUCT TAPE. He SHOOTS the FOAM into
his LEG WOUND.

                       COLE
          RHHGGG!!

It CLOGS the bleeding, then he WRAPS duct tape TIGHTLY around
it.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          RRRRRAARRGGHH!!!

He looks to the door. They’re seconds from breaking through.
He looks to the window, considering the option. He eyes one
of the rickety floorboard and TAPS it with his foot. The
other end of the floorboard pops up, like a see-saw.

BAM! The door is KICKED wide open and THEY CHARGE IN. Hawk
LEAPS at Cole, who SLAMS his foot on the rickety floorboard,
causing it to TEETER up and WHACK Hawk in the face, knocking
him on his ass.
                                                           19.


                         DUX
             YARRRGH!!

Dux JUMPS over Hawk and at Cole, but he INSTANTLY FALLS
THROUGH THE BRITTLE FLOOR, causing the floorboards he crashed
through to cause Cole to CATAPULT INTO THE AIR!

              YUICHI                            COLE
AHHHHH!!!!                        AHHHHH!!!!

Cole lands HARD, HITTING ANOTHER FLOORBOARD and BREAKING
through the floor and into the apartment below.

His impact launches Hawk BACK UP TO THE APARTMENT ABOVE,
which creates a hole that Balki falls DOWN into, which lands
on a board that LAUNCHES Cole across the room.

Dux falls through the floor, sending Cole flying BACK UP
through the ceiling, landing him back in the upper apartment.

It’s all over in a matter of seconds.

Cole looks around. He’s alone and in shock. All the thugs
have wound up in the apartment below him.

                       COLE (CONT'D)
             What the hell?

He GRABS his phone, which is miraculously beside him. He
hears the muted sound of the thugs talking below him, then-

BANG! BANG! BANG! Bullets RIP through the floor and one of
them DESTROYS COLE’S PHONE!

                       COLE (CONT'D)
             My phone...

Pissed, Cole PUSHES a HEAVY TOOL CART towards a HOLE in the
floor. Cole runs for the door as the cart FALLS through the
hole and WE HEAR it causing a CHAIN REACTION below.

            DUX (O.S.)                       LUCA (O.S.)
Look out!                         Oh shit!

Cole is almost at the door, when Dux comes violently FLYING
up through the hole in the floor. He hits the ceiling HARD,
CRACKING it badly, then lands in front of Cole. He takes out
his GUN and aims at Cole, when-

CRASH! The cracked portion of the ceiling above Dux gives out
and a FRIDGE DROPS from the apartment above, CRUSHING DUX as
it LODGES halfway into the floor. Nearby floorboards SPRING
UP, and the ONE COLE IS ON LAUNCHES HIM OUT THE OPEN WINDOW!
                                                           20.


EXT. THE WILSHIRE - CONTINUOUS

Cole just barely manages to GRAB onto the LARGE BANNER which
RIPS from the wire, SWINGING Cole back towards The Wilshire.
He CRASHES back into the building through a window ONE STORY
below.


EXT. THE WISHIRE - ABANDONED APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

He lands on the floor in a heap. In the BACKGROUND, the “Now
Leasing” sign TEARS off and the wind WHIPS IT across the
street where it SMACKS against the side of The Galleria.

Cole looks up to see Hawk standing in front of him, regaining
his bearings. They FACE off.

                    COLE
          Alright motherfuc-

CRASH! Suddenly, Cole’s FOOT BREAKS THROUGH THE FLOOR and his
LEG SINKS down up to his knee.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Fuck!

He tries to get up, propping himself on one arm. Hawk charges
and takes a massive swing at Cole’s head, but Cole’s arm
breaks through the floor, making him SLAM to the ground,
causing Hawk to miss. Hawk RAISES his foot to STOMP on Cole
but his OTHER LEG breaks through the floor.

Cole HOBBLES to his feet. He feels a sharp pain in his
SHOULDER and reaches back to find a NAIL sticking out of his
LEFT SHOULDER BLADE. He grabs the DUCT TAPE and FOAM
INSULTAION SPRAY, then RUNS!


INT. THE WILSHIRE - 20TH FLOOR - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER

Cole rounds a corner as he RIPS the nail out of his shoulder.

                    COLE
          Fuckin’ fuckey fuck!!!

He sloppily shoots FOAM onto the wound, and all over his
back, as he passes a window looking down on to the street.
Something catches his eyes and he STOPS in his tracks. FROM
HIS POV we see a RED MERCEDES, parked RIGHT IN FRONT of his
building.
                                                        21.


                    COLE (CONT'D)
              (to himself)
          Yes. Yes motherfucker. I’m gonna
          get out of here...

He starts running towards the ELEVATOR. Just as he’s about to
arrive at the elevator *BING* the doors open. Inside is a
thug sitting on a MOTORCYCLE named SPARTAN.

Spartan revs the motorcycle. Cole stands his ground,
clutching his duct tape and insulation spray. It’s a very one-
sided seeming showdown.

Spartan GUNS it, ripping down the hall towards Cole. COLE
waits till Spartan gets closer and then HURLS the duct tape
at his head.

It harmlessly BOUNCES off his helmet, and then Spartan RAMS
his motorcycle directly into Cole! Cole FLIES back and
SMASHES into a wall. He PULLS himself out of the wall and we
see the SAME RAT from the beginning it STUCK TO THE CAULKING
ON HIS BACK, thrashing around!

                       RAT
          REEEEE!!!!

Spartan starts to dismount from his motorcycle. Cole, with
the squealing rodent stuck to his back, reaches for his foam
insulation spray can and CHARGES. Spartan reaches for his gun
but Coal gets the draw on him and SPRAYS insulation foam all
over Spartan’s visor, blinding him. Spartan flips up the
visor, and Cole sprays foam directly IN HIS EYES!

                       SPARTAN
          AHHHH!!!!

Spartan pulls off his helmet as Hawk rounds the corner!
Spartan THROWS his helmet blindly as he clutches his face.
The helmet NAILS Hawk in the balls. A split second later Cole
HURLS the insulation can right in Hawk’s FACE, knocking him
back.

Cole, the RAT still stuck to his back, hops on the motorcycle
and reaches for the throttle. Suddenly Hawk GRABS him from
behind and starts to CHOKE HIM OUT!

Cole REACHES for the throttle with all his strength... but
it’s JUST out of reach! He’s losing consciousness... when,
the RAT wriggles free from the foam, scampers onto Hawk’s
face and BITES his cheek!

                       HAWK
          AHH!!
                                                           22.


He FLAILS back, letting go of Cole, who grabs the throttle
and REVS it. The bike ZIPS forwards.

Spartan sees the bike passing him and THROWS the can of foam
in the wheel, attempting to trip up the bike. It back fires,
EXPLODING MORE FOAM all over Spartan’s face as Cole SPEEDS
away.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - HALLWAY      - CONTINUOUS

Cole awkwardly RIPS down the hall and away from the thugs. He
manages to get the bike around a corner and sees THE
ELEVATOR. He starts heading towards it, when Spartan jumps
out in front of him.

                       SPARTAN
          AHHH!!!

Cole JUMPS off the bike, ditching it. It continues forward
and CRASHES into Spartan, sending both him and the bike
FLYING OUT a window.

                       SPARTAN (O.S.) (CONT'D)
          AHHHHHHHH-

SPLAT.

Cole walks towards the broken window and looks down to see
the motorcycle tangled in some ORANGE CONSTRUCTION NETTING
hanging along the outside of the building, and Spartan’s body
DEAD on the ground, right beside Animal’s dead body.

                       COLE
          Oh man.

Cole snaps back into action and runs to the elevator. He
frantically hits the button. The elvator arrives and he gets
in. As the doors close, Cole sees Hawk rounding the corner!

                       HAWK
          NOOOOO!!!

Cole descends towards the lobby as he tries to catch his
breath.

                    COLE
          Holy shit... Holy shit... you’re
          gonna fucking make it. You’re gonna
          fucking make it.
                                                          23.


INT. THE WILSHIRE - LOBBY    - MOMENTS LATER

Cole RUNS out of the elevator and through the lobby of the
building.


EXT. THE WILSHIRE - STREET - CONTINUOUS

Cole bolts out on to the street. There’s some SUV’s parked
behind the Red Mercedes. He KICKS in the car window and hops
in the driver’s seat. With EXPERT SKILL, he hotwires the car,
the engine REVVING.

                      COLE
          I did it.

SLAM!!!!! A load of steel girders crashes to the ground in
front of Cole, blocking his car in and partially CRUSHING the
front of the SUV beside him. He looks up and sees a CRANE
HOOK a few stories above, swaying, clearly having just
dropped this load.

                      COLE (CONT'D)
          WHAT?!

He looks and sees Hawk RUNNING towards him.

                      COLE (CONT'D)
          FUUUCK!!!

Hawk hot on his tail, Cole hops out of the car and sprints
across the street towards a LARGE CONSTRUCTION YARD that runs
alongside THE GALLERIA (the nearly-completed building across
the street).


EXT. THE GALLERIA - CONSTRUCTION YARD - CONTINUOUS

Cole hauls ass through the construction yard. He passes a
FLATBED filled with PINK INSULATION FOAM. He sees a nearby
CONSTRUCTION ELEVATORS that run up the side of The Galleria.


I/E. THE GALLERIA - CONSTRUCTION ELEVATORS - CONTINUOUS

He gets in one of the elevators and presses UP. The elevator
starts to ASCEND. The exhausted Cole tries to catch his
breath, when suddenly the elevator STOPS.

                    COLE
          Shit. What do I do? Fuck me.

Cole looks DOWN and sees a furious Hawk on ground level, the
CONTROLS TO THE ELEVATOR in hand.
                                                        24.


Hawk hits a button and the elevator starts to DESCEND towards
him. Cole tries to override the controls on the console in
the elevator carriage, but he can’t.

He sees he’s passing ANOTHER CONTRUCTION elevator.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
              (to himself)
          Okay... okay... you got this!

HE LEAPS to it as his elevator passes, landing in the open
basket!

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Oh fuck. Oh thank god.

He HITS the BUTTON and starts to ASCEND.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Eat shit you nazi!!

                    HAWK
              (yelling from below)
          What?! I’m not a nazi!

Cole FLIPS him off as Hawk starts to run to a nearby BOOM
LIFT. Hawk gets in the drivers seat, EXTENDS the BUCKET and
SWINGS it towards Cole’s elevator.

                     COLE
          Oh no!!!

Cole begins to attempt a leap to the next elevator, but the
basket of the boom lift HITS the elevator before he can. Cole
STUMBLES and FALLS into the basket of the boom lift.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Oh fuck. Oh fuck.

He gets up and sees a CONTROL PANEL in the basket. He starts
MOVING THE BUCKET of the boom lift towards the building so he
can escape.

Seeing this, Hawk quickly starts driving the CAB of the boom
lift AWAY from the building.

                     COLE (CONT'D)
          Nooo!!!

Meanwhile, the other construction elevators are beginning to
BUCKLE and BREAK from the damage. They start to COLLAPSE and
FALL INTO ONE ANOTHER!!!
                                                         25.


Cole extends the bucket as Hawk reverses the cab. Just as the
machine has reached its full length, Cole LEAPS, landing on
top of the THIRD construction elevator. He made it!

BAM!!! The other construction elevators SMASH into the beam
of Cole’s elevator. Cole HANGS ON FOR DEAR LIFE as the
elevator SWINGS DOWN on its beams and CRASHES through the
windows a few floors below!

The ELEVATOR comes loose and SKIDS across the floor, Cole
CLUTCHING on desperately as he RIDES IT. It SMASHES through
equipment and furniture as it SLOWLY slides to a stop.

Cole gets up and looks at himself. He’s shocked to find he’s
not incredibly hurt. He sees a STAIRCASE with a sign that
reads ROOF DECK and RUNS TOWARDS IT, disappearing up the
stairs.

WE HOLD on the stairs. A moment later, we see a TIRED and
ANGRY Hawk rising up after him in the extending boom lift.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - ROOF - MOMENTS LATER

Cole bursts out of the stairwell and onto the ROOF. He looks
for somewhere to hide... when he hears the COCKING of a GUN.

                    HAWK (O.S.)
          Ohhhh, I got you.

Hawk steps into frame and puts his gun to Cole’s head.

                    COLE
          Wait.

                    HAWK
          You fucking killed Animal.

                    COLE
          I know! I’m sorry-

                     HAWK
          Shut up! There’s nothing you can
          say. He. Was. MY. BROTHER.
              (beat)
          Here it comes.

                    COLE
          You don’t understand! I’m the-

                    HAWK
          Good night.

AS WE HEAR A BANG! WE CUT TO BLACK.
                                                        26.


MUSIC UP: WHOLE LOTTA LOVE By TINA TURNER


EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - DUSK

Looking down an empty, abandoned street with TWO TOWERING
BUILDING at the end of it, facing one another. THE WILSHIRE
to the left, and THE GALLERIA to the right.

TITLE UP:

7:00 PM.

We hold on the frame for a long beat, then headlights can be
seen quickly approaching, brightening as they near.

As the car pulls up in front of The Galleria we see that it’s
a woman in a RED MERCEDES (the car Cole will try to steal)
the same woman Cole saw being attacked. We properly meet
MADELINE “MAD” MARTIGAN. 45, stylish, and VERY confident. She
steps out wearing HEADPHONES, POINTY EARRINGS in her ears,
listening to the same Tina Turner we’re hearing.

She walks to the trunk and pulls out a piece of BEAUTIFUL
ROLLING LOUIS VITTON LUGGAGE and a matching PURSE. She stares
in the trunk for a moment... We see RED LIGHT emanating from
it, but don’t see what she’s seeing. She SLAMS it shut and
heads towards THE GALLERIA.

She approaches the entrance with a cocky swagger and great
purpose. She pulls out a RABBIT’S FOOT keychain attached to a
FOB. She swipes it and enters the building.


INT. THE GALLERIA - LOBBY - CONTINUOUS

Martigan walks through the revolving doors and begins to
strut across the uber-modern lobby like a boxer walking
towards the ring. She hits the elevator button and then rolls
her shoulders back. The doors open, and she enters.


INT. THE GALLERIA - ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS

The walls of the elevator are LED screens elegantly playing
beautiful forest scenery. As the elevator ascends the scenery
changes as though there were no walls and it was soaring up
through a forest and into the sky. Martigan cracks her neck.
The doors open and she exits.
                                                          27.


INT. THE GALLERIA - 20TH FLOOR - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Martigan’s music pumps her up, and a knowing smirk creeps
across her face. Martigan stops at a door, uses her FOB, and
enters an apartment.


INT. THE GALLERIA - 20TH FLOOR - MAD MARTIGAN’S APARTMENT -
CONTINUOUS

Martigan walks into her apartment. A modern, high end, two
level, open floorplan loft apartment that’s parsely decorated
with fine furniture and little else.

She scans the room, when she notices a LIGHT ACROSS THE
STREET at THE WILSHIRE. She SEES COLE across the way texting
on his cell. She narrows her eyes at him, taking note.

Martigan begins to move with purpose, enacting a plan.

She opens her suitcase where there’s a series of VASES in
foam cases. She takes the vases and starts placing them on a
LARGE BOOKCASE.

She opens ANOTHER   PART of the bag and pulls out a SINGLE
SMART LIGHT BULB.   She takes the bulb and goes into the
BEDROOM, unscrews   the bulb in the lamp, and replaces it with
her own. She then   puts a couple more VASES on a SHELF in the
bedroom.

She looks at her watch. 7:15 pm.

She LOOKS out her window, down the road... expecting someone.
And then, HEADLIGHTS appear. THREE SUVS emerge from the
darkness and pull to a stop in front of the building. THUGS
pour out of the vehicles. She counts how many there are as
they head towards the entrance of THE GALLERIA.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Alright. Game time.

She walks away from the window and sits in a chair that she’s
positioned in the middle of the room, and waits...

BAM!! Her apartment door gets KICKED OPEN, knocking it half-
off its hinges, and her place is stormed by 16 ARMED, MASKED
THUGS.

Martigan stays seated as they rush her. The MAIN THUG, in his
crisp white and already blood-splattered suit steps forward.

BAM! He PUNCHES Martigan in the face. She barely reacts. The
Main Thug aggressively takes her hands BEHIND the chair,
pulls a ZIP TIE out of his shirt pocket, and BINDS her hands.
                                                        28.


BAM! He punches Martigan again, then WHIPS out his GUN and
puts it to her HEAD. This is TIKTOK, (vain and cocky).
Several other thugs remove their masks and we reveal they are
HARRIET THE SPY (scarred up, scary, and British), VINCE (huge
and roided out), DUX (tattooed with a big machete, from
earlier), RIGGS, (grizzled biker woman) Hawk and Animal (who
we’ve also met...)

TikTok takes out his cell and makes a call. Someone answers.

                     TIKTOK
          Hey Boss. We got Mad Martigan.
          Found her at the safe house on 7th
          street.
              (beat)
          Yes, sir.

TikTok puts The Boss on SPEAKER PHONE and holds up the phone.

Beat.

                    THE BOSS (O.S.)
              (through speaker phone)
          Hey Madeline... I found you.

There’s a chilling quiver in his voice. He sounds VOLITILE
and EMOTIONAL.

                     THE BOSS (O.S.) (CONT'D)
              (through speaker phone)
          Now... you just sit tight. I’ll be
          there in... forty-five minutes. And
          then... we can talk. I’m pretty...
          bent out of shape right now.
              (beat)
          But... we’ll talk.
              (louder)
          Alright, guys. Keep her right
          there. If you have to shoot her for
          some reason, I understand. But,
          ideally, I call dibs on that.

CLICK. The Boss hangs up. We see the thugs understand the
implication of this statement. TikTok PUMPS his fist.

                    TIKTOK
          Holy fucking hell YES! We beat her!
          WE DID IT! We beat Mad Martigan!
              (looking around)
          Whew. What a rush. Fuck! Everyone
          okay? You guys all okay? Dux?
          Vince? You guys good?
                                           29.


            DUX
I’m good.

          VINCE
You know I’ve been waiting for
this.

          TIKTOK
I fucking GOT HER! This was my
moment to prove myself and I
fucking DID IT! I mean, WE did it!
But, you know, led by me!

          MAD MARTIGAN
Wait, wait, wait, WHAT?! He put YOU
in charge of coming to get me?

          TIKTOK
Fuck yeah he did! Who else would be
in charge of coming to get you?

          MAD MARTIGAN
I mean, obviously, Harriet The Spy!

          HARRIET THE SPY
Oh, you’re not gonna win me over
with compliments, you backstabbing
fuckwad! But yes, thank you. I
agree.

          MAD MARTIGAN
Anyone but Tiktok!

          TIKTOK
My name is NOT Tiktok!

          MAD MARTIGAN
Oh shit. Is that a “behind your
back” nickname? I thought it was a
“to your face” nickname.

          TIKTOK
It’s neither! I don’t want anyone
calling me fucking “TikTok” on
either side of my fucking back or
face!

          MAD MARTIGAN
After what happened, how the fuck
do we not call you TikTok.

                                      CUT TO:
                                                          30.


EXT. WATERFOUNTAIN - DAY (TIKTOK VIDEO)

We see a young woman RECORDING a SILLY DANCE for the app
TIKTOK in front of a water fountain. She is completely
oblivious as, in the background, we see our TikTok chasing
another THUG in a suit. He STABS the guy in the shoulder and
he falls in to the waterfountain! The woman KEEPS DANCING,
unaware, as TikTok comes in for the killing blow, but slips
and falls into the fountain!

The thug and TikTok thrash in the water as they fight over
the knife. TikTok finally manages to take the knife and STABS
the guy in the head. The thug flops down, dead. Tiktok looks
around at all the people staring at him and RUNS OFF.

The woman, still unaware, dances as her TikTok handle,
GIGGLEPUFFS 42, fills the screen.

                                                CUT BACK TO:


INT. MAD MARTIGAN'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

Back to the scene.

                    TIKTOK
          Fuck that, and fuck YOU.

TikTok PUNCHES Martigan.

                     TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          So... we got some time to kill, why
          don’t you answer the question
          everyone’s been dying to know...
              (beat)
          What the fuck is your sitch’?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          ... I want out.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
              (genuinely shocked)
          Wait... what? YOU want “out”? You?!
          What?!?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah. Me. I want out. I’m done. I
          want to retire. Live my life. I’ve
          changed.
                                      31.


          HARRIET THE SPY
    (skeptical)
You know, I’m hearing it, but I’m
having a hard time believing it.
What’s the angle?

          MAD MARTIGAN
No angle. I went to The Boss, and I
told him I wanted out. And he said
no.

          TIKTOK
Yeah! No fucking shit! This job
obviously has it’s plusses and
minuses, but newsflash! You can’t
fucking quit! Nobody gets to quit!

          HARRIET THE SPY
Remember Singapore Sam? He went all
the way to Singapore after he quit,
and we still killed him! Total
logistical nightmare. Three
flights, a boat ride-

          TIKTOK
Two boat rides!

          HARRIET THE SPY
We couldn’t get guns so we had to
use machetes which was a mess, to
say the least.

             TIKTOK
So gross.




          MAD MARTIGAN
Look, I know all that shit, which
is why, after he said no, I thought
two things... One, I’m still
retiring and nobody, especially
this motherfucker, is gonna stop
me. And two, I’m getting ahead of
this asshole, and instead of
letting that dork get RE-venge on
my ass for leaving, I’m getting
some PRE-venge on his for not
letting me leave.

             TIKTOK
Pre-venge?
                                                        32.


                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah. It’s this thing I invented.
          It’s when you get revenge on
          someone you pissed off before they
          get revenge on you for the thing
          that you did that pissed them off.
          It’s wayyy better than normal
          revenge. More pro-active.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          I’ve never heard of it before, but
          I’m already literally obsessed.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You should be. So, soon, I’ll take
          all of you out; which is what you
          fucking assholes get for thinking
          you can come here and kill me. It’s
          quite honestly fucking offensive.
          And after that, The Boss’ll get
          here, I’ll take him out, and then
          I’m done.

They all look to each other.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          This doesn’t add up. You want to
          “retire”? Why? You’re a lying,
          stealing, murdering motherfucker,
          Just like the rest of us. And
          that’s all you are.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Apparently not, ‘cause I want out.

                    TIKTOK
          Well, tough titties in yo’ cities,
          ‘cause in case you haven’t
          noticed... you’re f-f-fucked!

Martigan shrugs and smiles.

ANGLE ON: Martigan’s hands, bound behind the chair. She
slowly moves a finger towards her SMART WATCH, then TAPS it.
The LIGHTS she installed earlier in the bedroom TURN ON.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          What the fuck?

TikTok motions to a group of FIVE thugs and they start moving
towards the other room.
                                                          33.


Martigan taps her watch again and a DETONATOR comes up. She
eyes all the VASES she put on the shelves and the nearby
thugs.

FROM A BIRD’S EYE VIEW we see half the THUGS are positioned
in front of one bookshelf filled with her VASES and the other
half of the thugs are being LURED towards the bedroom, where
there’s another bookshelf filled with her VASES. And Martigan
is positioned as far away from them as possible.

We ANGLE on the VASES in the bedroom as the five thugs TikTok
sent walk towards it.

CLOSE ON the VASES behind TikTok and the remaining thugs.

Martigan as she assesses everyone in the room.

CLOSE ON her wrist as she inches closer to hitting the
DETONATE BUTTON.

CLOSE ON the VASES in the bedroom as the group of thugs gets
closer and closer.

CLOSE ON Martigan as she rolls her neck a little, preparing
to spring into action.

CLOSE ON her watch again, her finger ABOUT TO HIT THE
BUTTON...

THEN-

Martigan is genuinely surprised to see a RED LASER BEAM
moving across TikTok’s chest. TikTok notices Martigan’s
shocked expression and looks down to see the laser.

                       TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          GET COVER!

TikTok and all the other thugs duck and move for cover while
they draw their weapons.

For the first time, Martigan’s calm and confident demeanor
breaks. She’s genuinely confused. This was not part of her
plan.

The thugs that were being lured towards the other room stop
and TURN AWAY from all the VASES and TAKE COVER.

Martigan sees this and tries to hide how furious she is as
her finger moves away from the detonator.

TikTok motions towards numerous different thugs as he gives
orders.
                                                           34.


                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Dux, take Riggs and go up a floor.
          See what you can see! You three!
          Watch the hall! You two go to the
          lobby. Go! Go!

The thugs all exit the apartment. Martigan doesn’t like it.
Her assailants are scattered to the wind. We see her doing
math. How to put her plan back together.

The thugs all clearly see Cole across the street, pointing
what appears to be a gun with a laser sight at them. The
laser beam vanishes and Cole duck’s out of view.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          What the fuck? Harriet?! Who is
          that?! Is that our guy?

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Why would our guy be aiming a
          sniper gun at us?

Martigan has this same thought.

                    TIKTOK
          Then who is it?

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          It’s obviously some fuckin’ guy
          she’s got working with her.

                    TIK TOK
          Not that obvious! Jesus!

Martigan tries to hide her confusion and figure out her next
move. Hawk runs up beside TikTok.

                    HAWK
          Yo! Me and Animal will sort this
          fucker out.

TikTok nods. Hawk and Animal move out, off to find Cole.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          I’m calling The Boss, telling him
          you fucked everything up.

                    TIKTOK
          No!! It’s not fucked yet! I got
          this!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          You don’t “got” shit, TikTok!
                                                        35.


                     TIKTOK
          Don’t second guess me, and don’t
          call me that! You aren’t calling
          anyone! I’m in charge! Go watch the
          elevators!

Harriet begrudgeingly runs out the door, glancing back at
Martigan.

Vince pulls his gun, points it at Martigan.

                    VINCE
              (to Tiktok)
          Let’s just kill her, before this
          gets worse!

                    TIKTOK
          No! We can’t! Not yet. You heard
          The Boss. Not unless we have to!
          The dibs! Remember?! We MUST
          respect his dibs!
              (to Martigan)
          What are you doing here, Martigan?!
          Is this the pre-venge? Is it
          happening now?!

MARTIGAN assesses the room: TikTok, Vincent and FIVE OTHER
THUGS.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yep.

Martigan smiles and HITS THE BUTTON ON HER WATCH.

BOOM!!! The VASES EXPLODE and TikTok and all the thugs are
KNOCKED to the ground. Only Vincent manages to stand his
ground.

Martigan, screaming like a maniac, SPRINGS from her chair,
hands still zip tied behind her back, and CHARGES at Vincent.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          RRARARRRRR!!!

She delivers a BRUTAL FLYING KNEE to his chin and he goes
down HARD.

She pivots towards another THUG and SMASHES her FOREHEAD into
his face as hard as she can. He GRABS HIS NOSE, SCREAMING.

Another THUG aims his gun at her; she KICKS the chair at him,
SMASH! The thug falls back. She notices he is standing in
front of another VASE and TAPS her watch. BOOM! It EXPLODES,
killing him.
                                                          36.


She JUMPS up and lifts her legs over her zip-tied arms,
bringing them back in FRONT OF HER.

BAM! BAM! She ducks as we reveal TikTok SHOOTING at her.
Martigan dives behind the KITCHEN ISLAND. TikTok unloads his
clip. BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! CLICK. He sees his bullets are
lodged in the marble counter top.

                    TIKTOK
          Fuckin’ hell-

Martigan SMASHES out from a cabinet UNDER the kitchen island
and scampers across the ground like a wild animal. She
TACKLES TikTok’s legs and SLAMS him on the ground. He drops
his gun and it skids across the floor.

They stand up and face off. TikTok whips out a KNIFE.
Martigan’s hands are still zip-tied in front of her.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          Bring it.

He SWIPES at her and she LOOPS her arms around his and SLIDES
her wrists up to his knife, cutting off the zip ties. She
then adeptly pulls TikTok’s knife out of his hand and they
face off once more, but this time she’s holding the knife.
TikTok pulls out TWO MORE KNIVES.

                    TIKTOK
          Hahah! I got knives for days, son.

She WHIPS her knife at his face. He raises his arm to block
it and the knife STABS into his forearm.

                       TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          AHH! Fuck!

He drops his knives. She jumps and delivers a DEVASTATING
ELBOW to his face.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          BOOM!!!

He’s unconscious before he hits the ground. Martigan looks
around the room. The plan is totally fucked. New plan.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Alright... six down, ten to go.

She looks across the street to Cole’s apartment - the blinds
are now closed. Who was that? Why did he help her? Where did
he go?
                                                          37.


She snaps back to her mission, dashes over to her LUGGAGE and
unzips it. She puts on a TACTICAL VEST. She pulls TWO SETS OF
BRASS KNUCKLES out and slides them into little HOLSTERS that
are built into the sides of her tactical vest. She takes out
a BELT with knives and other weapons on it and straps it to
her waist. She straps on a CAMELBAK with several storage
compartments. She CLIPS the tube to her shoulder, takes a BIG
SIP, and then spits out some bloody water.

She puts her hair in a PONYTAIL and we REVEAL she has a
SCORPION TATTOO on the back of her neck.

She then puts a BRIGHT 80’S FILA HEADBAND on, takes out a
HUGE HANDGUN, and cocks it. She AIMS at TikTok’s head as he
lies unconcious on the ground, when SUDDENLY Dux and RIGGS
BURST into the room, GUNS DRAWN! Martigan WHIPS around and
trains her gun on them. They all freeze. It’s a stand off.

                    DUX
          I don’t know what you were planning
          here, but your luck has run out.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You fucking idiots. My luck never
          runs out.

She starts to squeeze the trigger when - CRASH!!! A FIRE
EXTINGUISHER flies in through the open window and SLAMS into
her hand!!! Her gun is KNOCKED out of her hand and the
extinguisher SMASHES into a nearby wall; it’s clearly the
same FIRE EXTINGUISHER that FLEW OUT OF COLE’S APARTMENT
during his fight with Hawk (page 10).

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
              (concerned)
          Hmmmm...

Martigan is briefly stunned and visibly upset. Bad luck.
Again. Everyone else is stunned for a brief moment too, but
then they all SNAP back to it. Dux and Riggs open fire on the
flabbergasted Martigan.

She has no choice but to RUN. She GRABS HER PURSE and RAMS
into the front door, which was already half-off its hinges,
and KNOCKS it completely off as she BARGES into the hallway.


INT. THE GALLERIA - 20TH FLOOR - MAD MARTIGAN’S APARTMENT
HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Martigan uses the door like a shield, looking through the
peephole as she backs up down the hallway. Dux and Riggs exit
out the same door and immediately open FIRE. Their bullets
lodge into the door. Then... a few shots start to go THROUGH.
                                                           38.


                    MAD MARTIGAN
          FUCK.

She drops the door and RUNS down the hall toward TWO LARGE
REGAL BRASS DOORS. She RAMS into them and enters-


INT. THE GALLERIA - 20TH FLOOR - DHARMA RESTAURANT -
CONTINUOUS

A gigantic, 7 stories tall, extremely high-end Chinese
restaurant composed of descending terraced balconies. A giant
stone Buddha sits peacefully in the centre of it all.
Encircling the restaurant one level up are the balconies of
luxury stores, nightclubs, and cafes.

She sees something and SMILES: two SAMURAI STATUES flanking
the BAR, each with a SPEAR and a SHEILD. She RUNS over, grabs
a spear, and turns towards the door as Dux and Riggs enter.
She HURLS the spear and it PIERCES THROUGH RIGGS’S SHOULDER,
NAILING her to a column!!!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          OHH!!! What a shot!

                    RIGGS
          OH GOD YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!!!

BLAM! BLAM! Dux OPENS FIRE as Martigan RUNS for it. She sees
a GIANT OVERHANGING CHANDELIER suspended in the air by TWO
ROPES. Martigan LEAPS off a balcony towards the chandelier
and in mid-air HURLS her purse UP and BEHIND her, allowing
her to use both hands to GRAB ahold of the chandelier.

Her PURSE lands on a balcony one story up.

She pulls out a small knife and CUTS one of the ropes holding
up the chandelier. SNAP! Martigan holds on as the chanedelier
SWINGS down.

Martigan lets go a second before the chandelier SHATTERS
against the far wall. She rolls on the ground and springs up
to her feet and then, keeping her momentum, RUNS out a nearby
doorway.


INT. THE GALLERIA - 13TH FLOOR - UNFINISHED DARK FLOOR -
CONTINUOUS

Martigan finds herself in a massive empty dark room. She hits
the light switches and we see the room light up. It’s a HUGE
UNFINISHED floor with almost nothing in it.
                                                          39.


She notices a TOOL KIT sitting in front of a BREAKER BOX. She
walks over and opens the tool kit, then pulls out a hammer.
She then starts FLICKING off breakers until the lights go
out. She holds up the hammer, thinks for a moment, and then
uses it to SMASH THE SHIT out of the breaker box.

                    DUX (O.S.)
          She’s went this way!

She quickly sneaks off into the darkness, vanishing just as
Dux enters the now-pitch-black room.

He immediately notices the breaker box, sparks popping out
from it. Harriet and Vince show up. Dux points out the busted
breaker box. Harriet tries the light switches, but they’re
dead.

TikTok, Dux, and four other thugs enter the room.

                    TIKTOK
          Yo! You guys get her?!

                    DUX
              (whispering)
          No. Shhh! She’s in here somewhere.

                    TIKTOK
              (whispering)
          She is? Whoa. Okay.

They pull out FLASHLIGHTS and search for Martigan while
continuing to speak in hushed tones.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Stick together.

                    TIKTOK
          Yeah. Exactly. Don’t be stupid.
          Stick together.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Keep your backs to each other.

                    TIKTOK
          Back to fucking back, team. Make a
          circle.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          You just gonna repeat everything I
          say?

                    TIKTOK
          You just gonna pre-peat everything
          I say?
                                                         40.


                    HARRIET THE SPY
          What?

                    TIKTOK
          Pre-peat. You know what I’m going
          to say, so you’re just saying it
          before me so I seem redundant
          ‘cause you don’t like me.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          That’s not a thing.

                    TIKTOK
          I didn’t think it was either, but
          here we are.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          You’re just reappropriating
          Martigan’s pre-venge thing.

                    TIKTOK
          Maybe she pre-appropriated that
          from me!

REVEAL that Martigan is hiding behind a nearby pillar,
LISTENING to the conversation, clutching a hammer.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Okay, everyone shut up!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          You were the only one talki-

                    TIKTOK
          I said SHUT UP! Just chill. Look.
          Pep talk. I’m not gonna lie, here’s
          the real real: we have been lured
          INTO a trap. We’re in the trap.
          Like, right now. In real time.
          But, here’s the great news: we got
          this. Because if we don’t got this,
          she’s gonna kill us, or, if we fail
          The Boss’ll just kill us. So we
          GOTTA got this. You guys got that?

                    VINCENT
          Got it.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          We should seriously warn The Boss.
          Tell him not to come.
                                                           41.


                    TIKTOK
          No! Not yet! We still got time, and
          we can do anything together.
          Teamwork makes the dreamwork. And
          right now our dream is killing this
          woman.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          We should at least un-dib The
          Boss’s dibs!

                    TIKTOK
          Alright, fine. I too believe it is
          correct to un-dib The Boss’s dibs.
          We’re going from capture to kill.
          We have no choice. The situation
          has changed. He’ll ultimately
          understand... I hope.

                    THUG
          Just cause we’re allowed to kill
          her, doesn’t mean we CAN! She’s a
          fucking machine. We can’t stop her.

                     VINCE
          We can. We can stop her.
              (beat)
          And I know how.

Vince stares at everyone dramatically.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Well, spit it out!

                    VINCE
          She has a friend.

We PUSH in on Martigan as a look of DREAD comes over her
face.

                    HARRIET THE SPY (O.S.)
          What do you mean... a friend?

CUT TO BLACK.


CHRYON:

SIX MONTHS AGO
                                                          42.


EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - DAY

We see MARTIGAN as she confidently walks down a hill in
downtown, the Los Angeles COURTHOUSE behind her.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (on the phone)
          Yeah, the guy didn’t say shit. And
          he’s not gonna say shit. We’re
          good.

She puts her phone away as she stops at a crosswalk. She
notices beside her a COP CAR is parked behind a WOMAN’S CAR.
The cop is giving her shit as they both stand on the
sidewalk.

                    WOMAN
          Look, I’m sorry, I’m having the
          worst day, and I ran out of gas. I
          didn’t mean to stop here.

                    COP
          Miss, I understand that, but
          nonetheless, I’m gonna have to
          write you a ticket for being here
          and blocking this lane.

                    WOMAN
          I had no choice! The tow truck is
          coming! Please! There’s not much
          traffic, I’m not blocking anything.

                    COP
          Miss, calm down.

                       WOMAN
          I am calm!

                    COP
          Calm down, miss!

Martigan shakes her head. This cop is getting on her nerves.

                    COP (CONT'D)
          Don’t make me take you in for
          disorderly conduct.

                    WOMAN
          I’m literally just talking to you!
          Is that illegal?

                    COP
          It is if I want it to be. Now lower
          your fucking voice!
                                                        43.


Martigan’s had it. Without the COP seeing, she walks over,
reaches in to his car, and puts it from PARK into NEUTRAL.
The woman sees this happening over the cop’s shoulder.
Martigan walks away from the car as it starts to roll DOWN A
HUGE HILL.

                    WOMAN
          Uh...

The woman points out the rolling car to the cop.

                    COP
          Fuck me!!!!

He RUNS off down the hill, chasing his car.

The WOMAN looks over to Martigan, who watches the cop chase
his car with a smile. The cops FALLS as he chases the car,
which then SLAMS in to a pole, causing both of the women to
react.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Hmm.

                    WOMAN
          Holy shit that was crazy!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I’m sorry, I just fucking hate cops
          so much.

                    WOMAN
          Wow! Thank you! I mean... wow!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Really, it’s fine. Not a big deal.

                    WOMAN
          No, it IS a big deal. I mean, I
          don’t wanna dump my shit on you,
          but this is one of the worst days
          of my life and to have stranger
          actually be nice to me... well,
          let’s just say it makes me not want
          to fucking kill myself. I mean not
          really, like, actually kill myself,
          but, you know, at least be pretty
          shitty to myself. Anyway, thanks.
          You’re a good person.

Beat.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          ... really?
                                                        44.


                    WOMAN
          Yeah, really!

Martigan is speechless for a moment and has to gather
herself.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Nobody’s ever said that to me
          before.

                    WOMAN
          Well, that cop might disagree...

We see the cop, trying to pull his car back, and the POLE
falls, SMASHING the front of his car even more.

                     WOMAN (CONT'D)
          ... but you are!
              (beat)
          I’m Naomi.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I’m Madeline.

                     NAOMI
          Please, let me buy you a drink or
          something.

Martigan smiles.


INT. CAFE - SOON AFTER

Martigan and Naomi are drinking at a table.

                    NAOMI
          So, what do you do?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I work in finance.

                    NAOMI
          You like it?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Well, I’m really good at it. Like
          really, really good at. I’m known
          as being a ruthless killer. Like
          one of the baddest motherfuckers in
          the whole city... when it comes to
          finance. And it’s kind of nice
          having people be, like, afraid of
          me.
                                                45.


                    NAOMI
          Oh, yeah. I can’t even imagine. No
          one’s afraid of me. If anything I
          wish I could stick up for myself
          better.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          But if I’m being real with myself,
          having people be afraid of me isn’t
          the best way to get self-worth. And
          also, it breeds a really toxic work
          environment. I mean, nobody trusts
          each other, and they shouldn’t.
          Anyone would fuck over anyone else
          to make The Boss happy.

                    NAOMI
          How’s your boss?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Jesus. He’s a full fledged
          psychopath. He’s empty inside, so
          he buys the most expensive and
          rarest shit, so he, like, feels
          special. But he really doesn’t see
          the people who work for him any
          differently. They’re all just
          his... stuff. And, on top of that,
          he has, like a HUGE fucking crush
          on me, which is super gross and
          just makes the whole thing
          fucking... not great.

                    NAOMI
          That sucks. I know what it’s like
          having toxic people in your life.
          And I try to keep them out, but...
          it’s harder than it should be.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah, I don’t think I’ve actually
          said it all out loud like that
          before. Hearing it, it’s really
          fucked. What’s weird is... I just
          met you, but I haven’t really been
          this honest with someone... maybe
          ever?

                    NAOMI
          Feel free. I’m honored.

They enjoy a moment of silence.
                                                        46.


                    MAD MARTIGAN
          So, you married? Kids? Pets? Any of
          that?

                    NAOMI
          No kids. No pets. Mid-divorce. And
          honestly, I don’t want to even talk
          about that fucking asshole. Maybe
          another time. When I’m a lot
          drunker. Speaking of which, should
          we get more wine?

                      MAD MARTIGAN
          Fuck yes.

Naomi LAUGHS. Martigan laughs too, looking at Naomi, laughing
in SLO MOTION.

MAD MARTIGAN AND NAOMI BECOMING FRIENDS MONTAGE:

MUSIC UP: YOU GOT A FRIEND IN ME by RANDY NEWMAN

- Martigan and Naomi take a BOXING WORKOUT CLASS together.
Martigan is intense as she beats the shit out of a punching
bag. Naomi looks on, impressed.

- Martigan STORMS a MANSION with the other THUGS. We see her
EXPERTLY KILL several rival criminals. She finds herself next
to a huge WINE RACK. She takes a bottle.

- WE SEE Martigan an Naomi sitting on a sun deck, enjoying
the bottle of wine.

- Martigan pulls up at a park in her car. She goes to the
trunk, where we SEE there’s a BOUND AND GAGGED man in the
back. She pulls out a SUN HAT, SLAMS the trunk, then runs
over meets Naomi and a few OTHER WOMEN who are having a
picnic.

- Martigan is at the DOCKS, hunkered down, in the middle of
an intense FIRE FIGHT. She pulls out her phone and sees she
got a text from Naomi that says: “UGH!!! Worst date ever! The
guy was such an asshole!” Martigan BLASTS off some SHOTS,
taking out a few thugs. She texts back: He doesn’t deserve
you! Fuck that asshole!! I’ll come over after work and we’ll
hang!” She puts the phone away and smiles as she advances,
guns blazing.

- Martigan CRACKING A SAFE with a team of thugs using a giant
BLOWTORCH. It opens and we see it’s full of DIAMONDS.
Martigan covertly pockets a small HANDFUL.

- Martigan enters Naomi’s house. There’s snacks and wine on
the coffee table.
                                                        47.


                    NAOMI
          Movie night!!!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Wait a sec. ‘Cause first, I got you
          something. And, I know it’s kind of
          lame and childish... but...

She pulls out half of an BEAUTIFUL DIAMOND ENCRUSTED “BFF”
NECKLACE that she had made with the diamonds she pocketed.

                       NAOMI
          Holy SHIT!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I have the other half! Again, I
          know it’s kind of dumb, and we are
          grown women, and you don’t even
          have to wear it, but ever since I
          was a kid, I wanted someone to have
          half of one of these with... and,
          sadly, it took me ‘till now to find
          that person.

                    NAOMI
          That is so nice!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You really get me. You know who I
          am. And you’ve helped me grow and
          change. Which also is why... I’m
          gonna quit my job.

                    NAOMI
          Really? That’s awesome!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah, I mean, I have enough money.
          And, you know... hanging out with
          you- made me realize there’s life
          outside my job, you know? Like I
          thought I was only one thing, but
          maybe... I can be another thing?

                    NAOMI
          Hell yeah. You are NOT your job.
          Some people are. You’re not. ‘Cause
          your job sounds terrible and you’re
          not terrible.

This really warms Martigan’s heart.
                                                           48.


                     MAD MARTIGAN
          And instead of working, you know
          what I’m going to do?
              (beat)
          Fucking nothing!

                    NAOMI
          Good! If you don’t have to, why
          should you do anything? Doing
          things, and having your worth tied
          to them, is a bullshit construct of
          American society. In other
          countries, they have no shame about
          not having ambition! They just live
          life!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah. I’m gonna quit.
              (beat)
          I’m gonna quit.


EXT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - DAY

Martigan pulls up outside an INSANE architectural house that
is PRECARIOUSLY HANGING over the side of a Hollywood Hills
cliff.

She knocks on the door and VINCE answers.

                    VINCE
          He’s waiting for you.

He LEADS Martigan through the HUGE open house, which is
COVERED in CRAZY art and other collectibles. A TYRANNOSAURUS
SKULL. Art by KAWS and Murakami.

There’s a glass WINDOW IN THE FLOOR looking down on the hill
below the house.

She’s brought to the living room. Theirs a MASSIVE wall of
floor to ceiling windows looking out to an incredible view of
the “HOLLYWOOD” sign.

There’s a MAN looking out the window. As Martigan walks up,
Vince hangs back, going in to another room.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
          Hey boss.

The Boss turns around and we see him for the first time.

                    THE BOSS
          Yooooo!!!!! Madeline!! Hey!!!
                                                        49.


He walks over and HUGS her tightly. She does NOT return it.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Holy fuck!! It’s been weeks! How
          ya’ll living? Fat I hope!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yep. Super fat.

                    THE BOSS
          Noice! Speaking of fat, you like
          the new crib!? Isn’t it dope!?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah, it’s incredible.

                    THE BOSS
          Designed by Japanase master
          architect Hizau Uzo. The dude’s a
          fucking pimp. I mean, the Japanese,
          are like, in general, more dope at
          things, but this dude is like next
          level! He’s like Japanese times a
          thousand! And THIS is the last
          house he ever designed? How fucking
          awesome is THAT?

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          He died?

                    THE BOSS
          I killed him. Right after I moved
          in, to make sure it was the last
          house he ever designed, because
          again, how awesome is that?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Super awesome.

                    THE BOSS
          Only problem is, this whole half of
          it is kinda... slowly collapsing
          and making the whole house start to
          slide down the cliffside. And
          what’s fucked is Uzo is the ONLY
          one who would know how to fix it,
          and he’s dead! Irony! Right? Like,
          call Alanis Morissette, have her
          write a new verse about THAT shit!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Totally.
                                      50.


          THE BOSS
Anyway, take a seat. You like that
chair? I stole it from J. Balvin’s
house. I saw it on his IG live and
had some guys jack it. So dope,
right?

          MAD MARTIGAN
Yeah... amazing.

          THE BOSS
So... what can I do you for? You
taking me up on my offer? Weekend
in Catalina? It’s noice there. So
quaint. So dope.

           MAD MARTIGAN
Uh... no. That’s not it. Actually,
kind of the opposite.
    (beat)
I’m out.

          THE BOSS
You’re out?

          MAD MARTIGAN
Yeah. I’m done.

          THE BOSS
Well... no you’re not.

          MAD MARTIGAN
Well... I am. That’s what I’m
saying.

          THE BOSS
No... you’re not. You can’t be.

          MAD MARTIGAN
I know it might seem like that, but
people change-

          THE BOSS
No, I mean, you can’t be, because
I’m not gonna let you. Like you
can’t quit.

          MAD MARTIGAN
What do you mean, I can’t?

          THE BOSS
I mean, I’ve invested so much in
you... and I like you. And...
          (MORE)
                                                        51.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          as you can see... when I like
          something, I want it around.

The Boss motions towards his many belongings.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You mean someone.

                    THE BOSS
          Sure. Yeah, whatever. Either way,
          you can’t quit. You’re mine.
          Professionally. I mean, maybe
          personally, we’ll cross that bridge
          later, again, maybe in Catalina,
          which is so so noice.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I don’t think I’m gonna take “no”
          for an answer here.

                    THE BOSS
          Well, then I’m gonna kill your
          friend.

A look of TERROR comes over Martigan’s face.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          What friend? I don’t have any
          friends.

                    THE BOSS
          Sure you do! This woman!

He pulls a picture out of his pocket and holds it up: it’s a
long lens photo of NAOMI!!!

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          I know you’ve been hanging out with
          her, even though you’ve been trying
          to keep it a secret. Which is mean.
          So if you try to quit, or leave, or
          do anything fucking whack, I’m
          gonna kill her. I know where she
          lives.

Martigan tries to hide her fear.

                     THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          And again, this is TOTALLY business
          related. Personally, there’s no
          conflict between us. Except I can’t
          get you to Catalina. Yet! Haha!
              (beat)
                     (MORE)
                                                          52.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          What’s so funny is one day we’ll be
          in Catalina together, and you’ll
          look at me, and laugh, and say,
          “you know what? It is noice here.”

Martigan eyes The Boss, smiles, and then stands up. She goes
and opens the door, where Vince is waiting outside.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Copy that. All good. My bad. I’ll
          stick around. Thanks for the chat.
          Cool house.

                    THE BOSS
          I know, right!!! I mean, the
          fucking view!!!

He motions to the Hollywood sign.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
          Yep.

Martigan WALKS off.

END FLASHBACK


INT. THE GALLERIA - UNFINISHED DARK ROOM - CONTINUOUS

All the thugs are standing around Vince. Martigan hides
nearby.

                     TIKTOK
          So fucking what? She has a friend!
          Big whoop!

                    VINCE
          No! You don’t get it. This friend
          can save our fucking asses!

NEW FLASHBACK


INT. BOSS’S HOUSE - DAY

WE SEE VINCE standing outside The Boss’s living room, playing
on his phone.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          Look. A couple days ago, I’m
          working The Boss’s place, helping
          with security. And Mad Martigan
          comes in to meet The Boss. After a
          few minutes, she leaves.
                                                          53.


Martigan opens the door after the conversation she JUST HAD
with The Boss.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Copy that. All good. My bad. I’ll
          stick around. Thanks for the chat.
          Cool house.

                    THE BOSS
          I know, right!!! I mean, the
          fucking view!!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yep.

Martigan leaves. The Boss walks up to Vince.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          The Boss comes to me and hands me
          an address and a photo and says
          “Look, this is Martigan’s friend.
          From what we can tell, she’s a
          civilian. Go get her. Bring her
          here. Martigan’s getting out of
          line, I’ve gotta teach her a
          fucking lesson!” I’m like fucking
          “Whoa! Crazy!” But you know,
          whatever, I’m down to clown.

WE SEE Vince sitting in his car eating tacos across the
street from a little house in West Hollywood.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          So I pull up outside the friend’s
          place. Nice little bungalow in West
          Hollywood, close to Guisados. They
          have insane tacos. The tortilla is
          thick and soft instead of dry and
          brittle. If you haven’t tried it,
          you have to. So I’m finishing up my
          tacos, listening to “Uptown Funk”,
          which I fucking love, so I’m, like,
          a little distracted.

He’s singing along to the song.

                    TIKTOK (V.O.)
          You know Bruno Mars is half
          Filipino?

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          Of course. Anyway, all of a sudden,
          WHAM!!!!
                                                           54.


He gets NAILED with a TIRE IRON.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          I’m fucking out cold. I come to,
          hours later, I’m fucking bleeding
          from the head.

WE SEE him come to a few hours later, bloody. He PUKES.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          I throw up tacos all over myself
          from the concussion. I look over to
          the house, and there’s like, guys
          from the city there.

The STREET is FLOODING and city workers are there with trucks
and machinery trying to figure out how to stop it.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          And there’s water all over the
          road.

WE SEE the workers see Vince, and pull out their phones.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          They see me, bleeding from the
          head, covered in puke, so they call
          an ambulance and I have to book it
          out of there fucking asap.

Vince SLAMS the GAS and his car LURCHES forward.

                    VINCE (V.O.)
          Suddenly, I get super fucking dizzy
          and puke taco AGAIN! I think I got
          vertigo or some shit.

We SEE VINCE puke all over himself again, causing him to
SWERVE and CLIP one of the workers in the road with his car
as he speeds away.

                     VINCE (V.O.)
          Anyway, turns out Mad Martigan
          broke a sewer line or something,
          flooded the street. Her friend, and
          everyone else on the block has to
          leave. Staying at hotels and with
          family and shit.
              (beat)
          She stashed her somewhere.

END FLASHBACK. We’re back in the dark.
                                                55.


                    TIKTOK
          First, your new nickname is Vertigo
          Vince.

                    VINCE
          Don’t you dare-

                    TIKTOK
          Second, you are officially the
          worst storyteller ever, man. GET TO
          THE FUCKING POINT, MAN!

                    VINCE
          So, don’t you see? Mad Martigan,
          who doesn’t give a fuck about
          ANYTHING or ANYONE, clearly cares
          about this person. It’s a weakness!
          Her krypto-might.

                    THUG
          Did you just say krypto-might?

                    VINCE
          Yeah. I said it wrong.

                    THUG
          It’s kryptoni-

                    VINCE
          Yeah, I fucking know! My head’s all
          foggy!

                    TIKTOK
          From the vertigo. Vince.

Vince shoots TikTok a pissed look.

                    VINCE
              (to the group)
          If we can find where the friend is,
          we got leverage over Martigan!

Harriet nods, seeing the opportunity at hand.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
              (to TikTok)
          Yes! And then maybe we can get out
          of here without her killing us all,
          or The Boss killing us all for you
          fucking everything up so bad and
          letting her kill so many of us.

                    TIKTOK
          I’ve fucked up nothing!
                                                        56.


                    DUX
          I saw her toss her purse up onto a
          balcony when she was leaping for
          the chandelier. Did you see that
          shit?

                    THUG
          Yes! Holy fuck! That was
          incredible!

                    DUX
          Truly! I’ve never seen anything
          like that! It was like some Ninja
          Warrior shit! But I bet there’s
          something in there; some thing that
          can lead us to this friend of hers.

                     HARRIET THE SPY
          Cyrus The Virus, can you hack in to
          an Iphone?

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          Easily! I watched a ton of YouTube
          videos that perfectly tell you
          exactly how to do it. You use Siri
          to bypass the-

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Nobody fucking cares, Cyrus. Just
          be ready to do it.

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          Sure. No prob. Sorry.

We push in on MARTIGAN. A look of GENUINE CONCERN sweeps over
her.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (to herself)
          Fuck...

                    TIKTOK
          Alright cool, so let’s - Holy SHIT
          LOOK!!!

Tik points out the window and ACROSS the street and all the
thugs turn to see Animal SMASHING out of Cole’s window and
FALLING to his death.

They then look up to see Cole standing by the broken window.
Cole notices them staring at him, then RUNS.
                                                        57.


                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
              (to Dux)
          Fuck me!! That asshole killed
          Animal! Or Hawk! I can’t tell
          which! Either way, the other one’s
          gonna be so sad! Dux, Balki,
          Spartan, go back up whoever isn’t
          dead over there!

Dux, Spartan and Balki and run out of the room.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          And we should probably go up and
          look for-

                    TIKTOK
          Harriet, we’ll go up, look for the
          bag she tossed. Cyrus the Virus,
          come with us. Vertigo Vince, and
          the rest of y’all, keep looking for
          her. Let’s move.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (to herself)
          Fuck.

Martigan’s watches TikTok and Harriet RUN out of the room, as
Vincent and the remaining thugs continue to search for her.
Martigan knows she has to get to her purse before they do.

Martigan EYES a STAIRWELL ENTRY across the huge room and
starts quietly inching her way toward it. The thugs speak
quietly as they continue their search.

                    VINCENT
          Alright guys, now that boss’s dibs
          are un-dibbed, I got the new dibs.
          She’s mine.

Vincent turns back to the other thugs and almost spots
Martigan, who manages to DUCK behind a pillar just in time.

                     VINCE
          I’ve fucking hated her for YEARS.
          And now she’s fucked my head up.
          Like, bad. I’ve been randomly
          throwing up ever since she hit me.
          And I googled it, vertigo can last
          for years. In rare cases it can be
          permanent.
              (beat)
          But... now she has a weakness! And
          I’m gonna be all up in that shit.
              (beat)
                     (MORE)
                                                        58.

                    VINCE (CONT'D)
          She wants a new life, but she’s got
          unfinished business in this one...
          and his name is ME!

We PUSH IN on a concerned Martigan. She knows there’s truth
in this. The LIGHTER goes out, and she’s once again hidden.

                    THUG
          Damn. I really hope you get to kill
          her. Sounds like you really want
          this.

                    VINCENT
          Thanks man. I really, really do.

                    THUG
          I’ll do what I can to help.

                    VINCENT
          Super nice of you.

Martigan continues to cautiously tip toe through the darkness
towards the door, making her way towards the next pillar
between her and the exit.

Then, suddenly, she hears something and freezes: WHOLE LOTTA
LOVE by LED ZEPPELIN can be heard playing on a distant radio.

                    VINCENT (CONT'D)
          You guys you hear that?

All the thugs look towards the sound. Martigan takes the
opportunity to make quick and quiet dash toward the exit. She
takes one step, when suddenly the HUGE RED NEON “THE
WILSHIRE” SIGN from across the street turns ON (due to Cole
and the events on pg.23 with the fuse box) and FLOODS the
room with RED LIGHT, revealing Martigan standing in the
middle of the room to all the thugs.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Well, double fuck.

Martigan HURLS her HAMMER, nailing a thug between the eyes.
He DROPS, DEAD. The others OPEN FIRE and she RUNS towards the
nearest door, DIVING through it and into an adjoining room.


INT. THE GALLERIA - 13TH FLOOR - ADJOINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS

She spots a TOOL CART. She runs to it and finds a NAIL GUN.
She shoots a nail to see if it works. It does. Vincent and
the other thugs burst in and she aims her nail gun at them.
They aim 5 real guns back at her.
                                                        59.


Martigan DIVES behind the tool cart and pushing it over as
they fire at her. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The metal cart blocks the
bullets. Martigan looks and notices the bullets didn’t go
through the SLIDING GLASS DOOR behind her either; they’re
lodged in the windows, the glass around the bullets spidered
slightly.

Martigan slides the nail gun towards the door, then stands up
and uses the cart like a shield as she backs up. She kicks
the cart towards the thugs, picks up the nail gun, and then
quickly goes out the sliding door and onto the balcony.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - 13TH FLOOR - BALCONY - CONTINUOUS

Martigan closes the door and then nails it shut behind her.
The thugs run to the door shooting at it. Martigan stares
right at them as the bullets imbed in the glass. They realize
their bullets aren’t going through and try to pull the door
open, but they can’t.

Martigan runs to the corner of the balcony and peers around
the side of the building, looking across and up seven stories
towards her APARTMENT BALCONY.

The thugs start trying to KICK through the glass door.
Martigan presses the nail gun against the glass and FIRES a
nail. It punctures the glass, and a THUG’S FOOT.

                    THUG
          AHHHHHHHH!!!

The thug pulls his foot back and falls to the floor clutching
it in agony.

(NOTE: The glass has a similar consistency to concrete in
that bullets cannot penetrate it, but nails can be rammed
into it securely.)

The thugs watch in shock as Martigan leans over the railing
of the balcony, reaches around the corner and begins PUNCHING
nails into the glass.

She cautiously steps onto the first two nails. They seem to
hold her weight. She continues punching nails into the glass
and begins to climb diagonally across the exterior of the
building and back to her apartment.

                    VINCENT
          You! Take the stairs! Get ahead of
          her!

One thug peels off and heads towards a staircase. Vincent
looks to another thug.
                                                        60.


                    VINCENT (CONT'D)
          We follow her out there.

                    THUG
          No fucking way! Are you out of your
          mind?

                       VINCENT
          Fuck yeah!

Vincent RIPS the entire sliding door off and tosses it aside,
then steps onto the balcony, and instantly THROWS UP.

                    THUG
          Ohhhh! Gross!

                    VINCENT
          Blagh! You go! Follow her! BLAGH!!!

The thug gathers his courage, pulls himself together, and
leans around the corner, when Martigan’s POPS a nail into the
thug’s head. He makes a strange sound then drops dead.

Vincent looks at the remaining THUG.

                       VINCE
          GO!!

The OTHER THUG moves the dead body, tests the first few
nails, and then cautiously begins following Martigan along
her path of nails.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - 16TH FLOOR - EXTERIOR WINDOWS -
CONTINUOUS

Martigan, using the nail gun, free solos her way across three
stories. Through the glass exterior of the building we see
the other thugs ascending a staircase, catching up with
Martigan.

She reaches for the next nail when- BAM! A bullet HITS THE
GLASS right in front of her face. She looks at the bullet
lodged in the glass; the glass around it has spidered a good
deal more then before. She notices the thugs that just shot
at her are using a significantly BIGGER GUN.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          Uh oh.

Suddenly, Martigan is JERKED downwards! She barely manages to
hold on and looks down to see the thug climbing after her has
grabbed ahold of her ANKLE!
                                                        61.


The thugs on the other side of the window start SHOOTING at
her again, the window cracking ever-further.

Suddenly, RIGGS appears behind them, her shoulder dripping
with blood, the spear now in her hands. She CHARGES forward
and KICKS the window, SHATTERING it and causing Martigan and
the thug clutching her ankle to fall backwards. Martigan
GRABS Riggs’s ANKLE and tries to pull herself up, but intead
Riggs gets pulled out the window with her!

                    RIGGS
          No! Shit! Fuck! Martigan!

Riggs MANCIALLY tries to hold onto the floor she is dragged
towards the edge, while the thug holding Martigan’s ankle
plummets towards the street below.

                    THUG
          AHHHHHH!!!!

Riggs keeps trying to CLIMB BACK INTO the building, but she
can’t. Martigan’s added weight is too much and she can’t
shake her loose.

                    RIGGS
          Let go of me!!!

Martigan pops a NAIL through Riggs’s leg and into the glass.

                       RIGGS (CONT'D)
          AHHHHHH!!!

Martigan starts to climb up Riggs and back into the building.
The thugs inside see her and OPEN FIRE, but accidentally HIT
Riggs’s unharmed shoulder.

                       RIGGS (CONT'D)
          ARGH!!!!

She COLLAPSES back in pain, causing both her and Martigan to
fall out the window. The NAIL in Rigg’s LEG causes her body
to SWING to the side as Martigan grabs on to two nails she’d
previously shot into the glass.

Martigan continues her climb. Another THUG pops his head out
the broken window and AIMS HIS GUN up at the ascending
Martigan. She HURLS the nail gun at him, HITTING him in the
face.

                       THUG
          AHHH!
                                                        62.


He CLUTCHES his nose as blood spurts out. MARTIGAN notices
some nearby BULLET HOLES from when the thugs were shooting at
her. She reaches down and YANKS a nail out of the window,
then SPIKES it into a bullet hole.

The THUG, still clutching his nose, BLINDLY starts SHOOTING
at Martigan, bullets WHIZZING past her.

Martigan reaches a section of the building that is covered in
a STRIP of LED screens. She JAMS a nail into one of the LED
panel and BREAKS LOOSE! She clutches onto the wall as it
FALLS

The THUG below wipes blood from his eyes and looks UP to see
the LED screen PLUMMETING towards him. He DUCKS back into the
building, JUST BARELY AVOIDING the screen.

He PEEKS back out, and WHAM, another screen SLAMS into him,
sending him and Riggs FALLING to the street below.

We see Martigan clutching onto the wall where the LED panels
once were.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Nine down. Seven to go.

She smiles, then pulls herself atop the STRIP of LED SCREENS,
and starts to RUN along them towards her apartment’s balcony.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - 20TH FLOOR - MAD MARTIGAN’S APARTMENT -
BALCONY - CONTINUOUS

She enters the apartment. No one is there. She sees her
suitcase and rushes over to it. She grabs a SHOTGUN and a
bunch of SHELLS, then RUNS out of the room.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - 20TH FLOOR - MAD MARTIGAN’S HALLWAY -
CONTINUOUS

Martigan runs towards the stairwell as she loads the shells.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - 21ST FLOOR - OCEAN THEMED CLUB -
CONTINUOUS

Martigan cautiously opens the stairwell door and heads down a
long white hallway.

                    TIKTOK (O.S.)
          Fuck.

Martigan moves towards TikTok’s voice.
                                                           63.


                    TIKTOK (O.S.) (CONT'D)
          Where the fuck is it?

                    HARRIET THE SPY (O.S.)
          I’m looking, stop yelling at me.

                    TIKTOK (O.S.)
          I was talking to myself. And it was
          rhetorical anyway. Jesus. Stop
          being so defensive.

                    HARRIET THE SPY (O.S.)
          Maybe I’m just being pre-fensive.

                    TIKTOK (O.S.)
          Oh shut the fuck up.

Martigan rounds a corner and the full scope of the club is
revealed. It’s one huge room, the floor is covered in white
tile, the walls are concrete and HUGE GLASS WINDOWS show The
Wilshire across the street. At the centre of the room is a
giant SHARK TANK filled with small reef-sharks. A school of
DOLPHIN SCULPTURES hangs from the ceiling by cables. The
floor plays the image of an ocean on a loop. The water
interacts when people step on it, as though they are walking
on water. And on the far side of the room is TikTok, Harriet,
and Cyrus searching for her bag.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Look over in that area!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          I already did! Don’t tell me how to
          look.

Martigan she sees her PURSE under a bench across the room.
She sneaks along the back of the club and creeps towards the
shark tank in the centre. She’s halfway there, when Vincent
suddenly BURSTS in through another door.

                    VINCENT
              (extremely out of breathe)
          She’s coming!!! *gasp* She climbed
          past us to her *gasp* apartment.

                     HARRIET THE SPY
          We can’t find her bag, we- oh shit
          it’s right there! THERE! THERE!

Harriet spots Martigan’s PURSE under an bench across the
room. She runs over and GRABS it.

                    HARRIET THE SPY (CONT'D)
          Hah! Her fucking cell phone!
                                                          64.


She pulls out Martigan’s cell. Martigan sees this and is none
too happy.

                    HARRIET THE SPY (CONT'D)
          We gotta unlock it! Cyrus!

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          No prob. I just need exactly 3
          minutes and 48 seconds.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          No one’s interested in the
          specifics, Cyrus. Just fucking do
          it! Jesus! You’re so annoying. This
          is why we call you Cyrus the Virus.

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          I thought it was because I had
          Covid twice.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Nope. It’s cause you’re fucking
          annoying. Hurry up.

Martigan cautiously and quietly moves into position to shoot
the huddled thugs from behind, planning to kill them all in
one fell swoop.

IN THE BACKGROUND BEHIND   HER, COLE can be seen FLYING OUT of
a window in The Wilshire   and GRABBING the “FOR LEASE”
banner!!! (The events of   page 28) Martigan is completely
oblivious to this as she   gently pulls her gun’s slide back.

BEHIND HER, Cole can be seen struggling on the sign.

Martigan gently finishing cocking the gun.

BEHIND HER, Cole RIPS the FOR LEASE banner as he SWINGS BACK
into The Wilshire and out of sight. The banner WILDLY FLAPS
as it SOARS away from The Wilshire and towards The Galleria.

Martigan RAISES the shotgun, takes AIM, and starts to pull
the trigger, when - WHACK!!! The FOR LEASE banner SLAMS into
the windows, STARTLING her!

TikTok, Harriet and Vince WHIP around and see the distracted
Martigan, instantly aiming their guns at her!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Fuck!

Martigan starts BLASTING her shotgun wildly as they all shoot
at her. It’s MAYHEM. In mere seconds, everyone is out of
bullets and for a moment it’s quiet.
                                                        65.


Martigan slides her fingers in to her BRASS KNUCKLES that are
on her vest and CLENCHES her fists by her side.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Gimme back my shit.

                    TIKTOK
          As if! Tell us where your friend
          is!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (dramatically)
          As if.

MARTIGAN hears the sound of them starting to reload; but she
has no more bullets! She has no choice but to CHARGE TikTok,
Harriet, and Vince.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          RAAAHHHHH!!!

She LEAPS out and RUSHES the thugs. She HURLS the empty
shotgun at Harriet, who manages to dodge it. She uses her
brass knuckle to PUNCH TikTok and Vincent’s guns out of their
hands, but Harriet manages to load hers! Martigan THROWS her
left BRASS KNUCKLE at Harriet and it NAILS her in the NOSE.
She drops her gun and CLUTCHES her bloody nose.

                       HARRIET THE SPY
          Awb! Fub!!

TikTok rushes in with Vincent and TACKLES Martigan. The three
of them GRAPPLE on the ground.

Martigan is BEATING both of them, landing BRUTAL blows with
her right hand, the BRASS KNUCKLES hurting whatever they hit!

                    TIKTOK
          Goddamnit!!!

Vince SWINGS to PUNCH Martigan in the face, but she PUNCHES
him in the fist with her brass knuckles.

                    VINCE
          FUCK! My hand!!!!

Harriet RUNS up and tries to KICK Martigan in the face, but
Martigan PUNCHES her in the FOOT with her brass knuckle.

                       HARRIET THE SPY
          AHHH!!!

Harriet SWINGS again wildly at Martigan, but she moves, and
Harriet HITS Tiktok in the face.
                                                        66.


                      TIKTOK
          Ah! Fuck!

Martigan WRIGGLES out and CHARGES towards Cyrus!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Gimme my fuckin’ phone!

She delivers a BRUTAL PUNCH to the side of Cyrus’ head,
knocking him OUT COLD. She’s reaches to GRAB her phone from
his limp hand when Vince GRABS her ankle and YANKS her back.
They GRAPPLE.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Cyrus the Virus is out cold! Let’s
          get him out of here! Come on!!

                    VINCE
          I got her! Go!!!

Tiktok and Harriet LIFT up Cyrus and drag him out of the room
as Vince and Martigan roll around trading punches. The
gigantic Vince manages to GRAB Martigan’s neck and HOISTS her
off the ground, CHOKING HER! Martigan STRUGGLES to break free
but CAN’T!!! She PUNCHES him in the HEAD with her brass
knuckles. Blood spurts from Vince’s forehead, but he holds
onto her throat, tightening his grip. She SWINGS again, but
Vince GRABS her hand and PULLS off the brass knuckles,
THROWING them across the room.

                    VINCE (CONT'D)
          I can’t fucking believe it. I got
          you. Haha!! Your luck’s run out! I
          fucking got you!!!

She DESPERATELY HOLDS on to Vince’s ARM to help support her
weight and stop from passing out.

                    VINCE (CONT'D)
          You gave me vertigo you fucking
          asshole. That shit can last years!

He SQUEEZES HARDER. She’s starting to black out.

                    VINCE (CONT'D)
          I’ve thrown up nineteen times since
          yesterday! NINETEEN TIMES!!!

She GRITS her teeth, then RIPS one of her POINTY EARRINGS out
of her ear lobe and STABS VINCE IN THE EYE WITH IT! He steps
back in agony.

                      VINCE (CONT'D)
          ARGH!!!!!
                                                           67.


Martigan DOUBLE KICKS Vince in the chest, sending him
stumbling backwards and IMPALING him on a LARGE CORAL ART
PIECE. His body goes limp.

Martigan, GASPING to regain her breath, slowly rises to her
feet, walks over to Vince’s body, and gets in his face.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Shouldn’t have fucked with my
          friend, Vertigo Vince.

Martigan spits in his face, when he suddenly SPRINGS TO LIFE
and GRASPS her wrist! She pulls back, but he holds tight.

Vince, as well as the art piece he is impaled on, TOPPLE
forward, PINNING Martigan to the floor. Vince lies on top of
her with HUNDREDS of pounds of corral art sculpture pressing
down on him as the simulated water on the floor flows around
them.

                     VINCE
          GAHHH!!!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          RRGGHGHHH!!!

The sharp piece of corral slowly pushing through him and
towards Martigan’s STOMACH.

                     VINCE
          Hah... you’re gonna lose. And we’re
          gonna hack into your phone... and
          we’re gonna find your friend... and
          we’re gonna kill her. And it’s all
          your fault.
              (beat)
          I win, Martigan! I WIN!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You’re not winning, you’re
          literally dying.

Vince smiles.

                    VINCE
          This is straight up the greatest
          moment of my life.

Vince dies, and we push in on Martigan’s as the truth of his
words destroy her. For maybe the first time in her life, she
is truly overcome with regret.
                                                        68.


As Vince’s body goes fully limp, the coral shard slides
CLOSER to Martigan’s stomach. She tries to push Vince off of
her, but he barely budges. The SHARD begins to CUT her skin.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          No, no, no...

She looks for some way to get out from under him as the shard
inches DEEPER.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Ahh.... FUCK!

She sees Vince has a GRENADE clipped to his belt. She looks
UP at the OVERHANGING DOLPHIN SCULPTURES, eyes the WIRES
holding them up, and then looks to the LARGE, CRACKED SHARK
TANK.

Martigan looks to Vince’s grenade, determined. She reaches
for it... but it’s JUST out of her grasp! The SHARD is
sinking DEEPER!

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          AHH!!!

She can’t reach it. On the verge of losing hope... Martigan
gets an idea. She unlatches her diamond “BFF” bracelet, and
uses it as a little fishing hook. It LATCHES around the CLIP
of the GRENADE!

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Yes!

She PULLS the bracelet, which SLIDES the grenade out of
Vince’s belt and in to her hand! She pulls the pin with her
thumb, and FLINGS the grenade over Vince. KABOOM! The grenade
explodes, causing a WIRE to SNAP that SWINGS one of the
dolphin scultpures downward. It WHIZZES PAST Martigan and
CRASHES into the SHARK TANK, completely SHATTERING IT!!!

SPLASH!!! A small tidal wave PUSHES out from the shark tank
in every directions, WASHING across the lobby. Martigan holds
her breath as the wave HITS her, PUSHING both the sculpture
and Vince OFF of her.

A soaking wet Martigan STANDS up, a SMALL SHARK biting her
shoulder. She RIPS the shark off and tosses it on the ground.
She puts her BFF bracelet back on, and looks down to her
stomach, which is leaking BLOOD. She grunts, pushes the pain
aside, and runs out of the club.
                                                           69.


INT. GALLERIA - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Martigan hurries down a hall, looking for her enemies. She
HEARS voices and peers around a corner, seeing a large area
still under construction. There’s no WALLS or WINDOWS; the
entire floor is completely OPEN to the outside. A small crane
is mounted near the edge. She sees TikTok and Harriet
standing over Cyrus’s unconscious body. Marigan sees a nearby
piece of REBAR and quietly picks it up.

                    TIKTOK
          Shit. He’s out cold! Cyrus!!! Wake
          the fuck up!

Tik starts SLAPPING Cyrus in the face hard.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Not so hard! You’re gonna make it
          worse! Like this:

Harriet gives him little slaps in the face. He comes to.

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          What?! Huh?!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Alright! You’re up! Do your thing!

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          Huh? What? Where am I? What thing?

                    TIKTOK
          Fuck! He’s concussed!

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          Harriet?! What’s happening?!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Cyrus! We’re in the middle of a
          terrible situation and you need to
          hack this cell phone!

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          I can do that! I watched a YouTube
          video that-

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          We fucking know! Get to it!

Cyrus, confused but trying to focus, gets to work on the
phone.
                                                        70.


                    TIKTOK
              (to Harriet)
          Stop giving orders! I’m the leader!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Listen, TikTok-

                    TIKTOK
          Don’t call me that, I-

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          We all call you that! Accept it!
          It’s actually a pretty fucking cool
          nickname on the grand scale of
          things!

                    TIKTOK
          Easy for you to say! You’re Harriet
          The Spy!

                    HARRIET
          I can’t help it that my name is
          Harriet and I was a spy and your
          claim to fame is you killed some
          asshole on Tiktok! That’s on YOU!
          And yes, I’m telling Cyrus here
          what we SHOULD fucking be doing
          right now, ‘cause I know better
          than you! I’ll guard him while he
          hacks in to the phone. You go check
          on Vince, see if he killed her or
          not. And if he didn’t keep hunting
          her ass. Got it?!

                    TIKTOK
          Alright, I’m conceding: it is a
          pretty cool nickname, and it is a
          solid plan. I’m off!

TikTok runs off. Cyrus continues to fiddle with the phone as
Harriet keeps watch.

                    CYRUS THE VIRUS
          Hah! That was easier than it even
          looked online. I did it!

WHACK! Harriet gets SMOKED in the head by flying piece of
REBAR.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          AHH!! FUCK!! Again?!?!

She drops to the ground, CLUTCHING her head.
                                                          71.


                      MAD MARTIGAN
            RRRAARRR!!!

Cyrus sees Martigan CHARGING towards him. BAM! She SHOULDER
CHECKS him so HARD that he drops her PHONE on the ground and
FALLS over the EDGE and to his death.

                      CYRUS THE VIRUS (O.S.)
            AHHHHHHHHH!!!!

She looks over the side of the building, and then looks
ACROSS THE STREET and sees Cole, ground level, getting in her
RED MERCEDES.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
            Again with this asshole. That’s my
            car, man!

She looks beside her and sees a CONTROL PANEL for a CRANE
that is holding some large girders a few stories above her
car. She eyes the position of the car, then goes to the
control panel and HITS a button. The load falls, CRASHING to
the ground in front of Cole and BARRICADING her car in place.

She watches as Cole HOPS out of the car, just as Hawk runs
out of the lobby of The Wilshire, towards Cole. Cole hauls
ass towards The Galleria’s construction yard.

BLAM! A   SHOT HITS MARTIGAN IN THE BACK, nailing her VEST, and
BLOWING   a CHUNK out of her ponytail! She falls onto the
ground,   bits of her hair raining down around her, and looks
back to   see Harriet running towards her, about to fire again!

Martigan spots the rebar she threw at Harriet; she picks it
up and WHIPS it at her. The rebar SLIDES along the ground and
takes out Harriet’s feet! Harriet SLAMS onto the ground and
loses her gun, which SLIDES straight towards Martigan.

Martigan picks up the GUN, Harriet picks up the REBAR.
Martigan shoots as Harriet throws. The bullet CLIPS Harriet’s
SHOULDER as the rebar KNOCKS the gun out of Martigan’s hand,
sending it over the edge of the building.

                      MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
            Good throw.

Harriet smiles and CHARGES. They collide and fight hand-to-
hand!!!

Harriet can’t get the upper hand on Martigan, so she resorts
to TACKLING her towards the edge of the building! Just as
they BOTH go over the edge and to their certain deaths-
                                                        72.


-COLE PASSES BY (facing away from them) on top of a
construction elevator! (from page 31) He ZIPS past as Harriet
and Martigan land in the HOLD of the SAME elevator Cole’s on
top of! (They are OBLIVIOUS to each others presence)


INT. CONSTRUCTION ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS

Martigan and Harriet viciously battle inside the ascending
elevator, SLAMMING each other back and forth against the
caged walls. Martigan KICKS Harriet into an ELECTRIC PANEL.
Sparks fly out of the panel and the elevator immediately
reverses direction and starts to DESCEND.

Harriet uses the momentum to leap onto Martigan, gaining the
upper hand, when she is momentarily distracted by the sound
of footsteps running along the roof of the elevator. Martigan
takes the opportunity to PUNCH Harriet in the face. The
elevator grinds to a STOP and the two FACE OFF.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Who the fuck are you anymore?!?
          What happened to you?! I thought we
          were scorpions! Like in the story!
          Killers by nature. We don’t change
          and we don’t wanna fucking change.
          That’s why we got drunk that night
          and got these stupid scorpion
          tattoos! I mean, fuck!

Harriet shows her scorpion tattoo.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          We don’t have to be scorpions!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Of course we do! That’s literally
          the whole point of the fucking
          story!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          No. We don’t. Because we’re not
          fucking bugs or arachnids or
          whatever scorpions are! We’re
          humans! We can change! We can
          evolve. Like butterflies!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Those are bugs too!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I’m just fucking saying!
                                                        73.


                     HARRIET THE SPY
          I am what I am. And you are what
          you are.
              (beat)
          This friend of yours... does she
          even know you? What you are? What
          you do?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          She knows the me I want to be.

Harriet chuckles.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Just ‘cause you want to be
          something, doesn’t mean you are.

BOOM!!!!! One of the other construction elevators SMASHES
into their TRACK, knocking the whole thing over. It starts to
topple and they SLAM against the elevator cageas wall as it
pivots from vertical to HORIZONTAL!!!

Harriet FALLS on top of Martigan and starts CHOKING HER. The
ELELVATOR starts to slide HORIZONTALLY. Martigan looks and
sees that the track is BROKEN up a ahead; the elevator is
going to SLIDE OFF in a matter of moments!!!

As the elevator picks up speed, Martigan takes a BIG SIP from
her Camelback and SPITS WATER in Harriet’s face. It buys
Martigan a split second; she HEAD BUTTS Harriet, knocking her
back on her ass.

Martigan notices the elevator nearing the end of the broken
track. She spots an apartment BALCONY rapidly approaching.
It’s her only chance to get off before the elevator plummets
to the ground.

She ROLLS out of the elevator JUST as it passes the open
balcony. She lands safely on it, leaving Harriet alone on the
elevator as it FLIES off the track.

Suddenly, Harriet LEAPS out, SOARS through the air, and GRABS
onto the side of the building as the elevator CRASHES down to
the ground, SMASHING into peices.

Martigan walks to the edge of the balcony, and sees Harriet
below her, struggling to hold on. She’s too far to help. And
her grip is slipping.

Martigan stares down at Harriet, then has an idea. She takes
off her Camelbak ties one end of it’s NYLON WAIST STRAP to a
SUPPORT BEAM. She wraps the other end around her WRIST and
then carefully lowers herself over the edge and REACHES her
hand out to Harriet.
                                                        74.


Harriet looks up at Martigan, angry.

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Just take my hand.
              (beat)
          Come on. Please.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Fuck. Fine! How humiliating.

Harriet looks into Martigan’s eyes and softens, then reaches
up and GRABS hold of her hand. Martigan uses all her strength
to PULL Harriet up.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Alright, now just-

Harriet PULLS out a small KNIFE and STABS Martigan in the
shoulder!

                    HARRIET
          HAHAH!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Argh!! Fuck! I’m trying to save
          you! Why did you do that?!

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          I had to try!

Martigan tries to hold on, but the blood from Harriet
stabbing her has dripped down her arm and made her hand too
slippery. Harriet’s hand slides out. Martigan sadly watches
as Harriet fearlessly FALLS to her death, with not so much as
a single scream. She lands in the back of the FLATBED TRUCK
filled with PINK INSULTION FOAM.

Martigan takes a moment, then notices Hawk, in the BUCKET of
the boom lift, making his way up to the TOP of the building.


EXT. THE GALLERIA - ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS

Martigan BURSTS out onto the roof. She starts searching the
roof. She walks around a large AC unit and sees Cole 50ft
away, on his knees and clutching his phone, and Hawk holding
a gun to his head.

They’re too far for her to get there in time. Martigan sees a
SMALL TV SATELLITE DISH bolted into the ground. She GRABS
onto it and pulls. The bolts loosen but don’t give.
                                                           75.


She looks back at Hawk, who is clearly ramping up to a
dramatic last line before he kills Cole. She PULLS at the
satellite with all her strength and RIPS it out.

Hawk’s finger starts to pull down on the trigger. Martigan
GRASPS the satellite like a giant discus, SPINS around and
HURLS it towards Hawk. It SOARS through the air and NAILS him
in the side of the head, IMBEDDING into his skull AND
SNAPPING his neck.

BANG! Hawk’s hand errantly shoots as he dies, the bullet
narrowly missing Cole’s face!

                      COLE
          AHHHHH!!!

Cole sees Hawk is dead and then looks over to see Martigan
moving towards him.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          Holy shit! Holy shit! That was
          close! Thank you! Thank you so
          much! Whoooo.
              (looking at Martigan)
          Whoa. It’s YOU! The lady. You’re
          okay!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah. I’m spectacular.

                    COLE
          You saved me!? Thank you!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah, no problem.

                    COLE
              (in shock)
          Oh my god! They say your life
          flashes before your eyes, and like,
          for REAL, that shit was like PHOOM!
          I’m learning to ride a bike! PHOOM-
          I pissed my pants in Bar Mitzvah
          class! PHOOM-

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Just shut the fuck up! Listen, was
          there anyone else chasing you?
          Anyone else alive? You kill anyone?
                                                        76.


                    COLE
          Um, yeah, a few, I guess. I killed
          that dude’s twin brother, and a
          scary tattooed guy, and a
          motorcycle guy. Jesus Christ. I
          killed three people! Oh fuck!

Cole can’t believe the sentence he just said.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          13 out of 16.

She takes Hawk’s gun.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          So... who the fuck are you?

                    COLE
          I’m just a guy! I work in the
          building across the way... and I
          saw you getting attacked... and I
          just couldn’t let that happen
          without trying to stop it.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Nobody taught you to mind your own
          fucking business?

                    COLE
          I thought I was helping!!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Well, you weren’t, asshole!
              (beat)
          What’s your name?

                     COLE
          ... Dan.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Alright, Dan. Are you a “call the
          cops” kind of guy, or a “get the
          fuck away from here and mind my own
          business and never speak of this
          again” kind of guy?

                    COLE
          I’m definitely the second one.

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Good.

They step on a SERVICE ELEVATOR and start to descend.
                                                        77.


                     MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
           If you actually wanna help me,
           you’ll get to steppin’. Get as far
           away from this place as you can.
           And if you ever mention a word of
           this to anyone, I’m gonna find you
           and fuck your dumb ass up, copy?

                      COLE
           Copy.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
           Alright.

Suddenly, the FORKS of a forklift SMASH in to the elevator
through the door.

             COLE                               FAYE
AHHHH!!!                         FUCK!!!

The elevator JERKS to a stop, knocking Martigan and Cole off
their feet. The forks PULL OUT, and then a moment later they
PIERCE through again, STABBING just ABOVE Martigan and Cole’s
heads. The forks pull back and RIP the elevator DOORS off
with them! They see a THUG in the driver’s seat of a
FORKLIFT; he WHIPS out his GUN and starts shooting at them.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
           Run!!!!

Her and Cole RUN out of the elevator and past the forklift.
The thug turns the forklift around and starts chasing them
across a large unfinished space. Martigan points to a DOORWAY
leading to another room.

                      MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
           There!!

They RUN for the door as the forklift bears down on them. In
the NICK of time they DIVE through the door, but-


INT. THE GALLERIA - PARKING STRUCTURE - CONTINUOUS

- the forklift just SMASHES through the wall behind them. The
FLOOR below them gives out!

They land one floor below, in the PARKING STRUCTURE. The
FORKLIFT is stuck above them, wedged in the debris. Cole and
Martigan are pinned under RUBBLE.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
           Fuck!
                                                        78.


                       COLE
          OWWWWW!!!

The thug sees them below and RAISES the FORKS on the lift,
which LOWERS the entire forklift towards Martigan and Cole.
The SPINNING TREADS come closer and closer, one over Martigan
and one over Cole!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Grab them!!!!!

Right before they’re CRUSHED, Martigan and Cole GRAB the
spinning treads, which YANKS them out from under the rubble
and EJECTS them in front of the forklift! Martigan lands like
a hero as Cole flops to the ground next to her. Behind them,
the forklift CRASHES down in a heap, killing the driver.

Martigan points to a CAR parked near some equipment.

                       MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          There!

They run towards it.

                    COLE
          I can hotwire this.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          You can?

They get in and he starts.

                    COLE
          Uh... yeah. Long story.

The ENGINE ROARS to life - when an EXCAVATOR crushes the back
of the car. It DRIVES forwards, CRUSHING the car like a
toothpaste tube.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Get on the floor!!

They’re pinned! And slowly being crushed! Then - Martigan
finds herself face to face with the GEAR SHIFT. She SLAMS IT
IN TO REVERSE.

                       MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Go!

Cole SLAMS his HAND on the GAS and the car, with the
EXCAVATOR ON IT, LURCHES BACKWARDS.
                                                        79.


The excavator gets caught on a LOW part of the ceiling and
the car comes out from under it, but flies off the side of a
parking aisle, getting wedged over a huge DROP BELOW. The
THUG operating the excavator sees and MOVES the arm down
towards the car.

Martigan and Cole LEAP from the car and GRAB the ARM of the
excavator JUST as it slams down on the car, sending it
tumbling into the darkness below. Cole SLIPS and Martigan
GRABS HIS HAND. She PULLS him up to the arm of the excavator
and then they both scramble up the arm and JUMP onto the
floor ABOVE the one they started on.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Holy fuck! Good job!

                       COLE
          Thank you!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Hah. You’re not totally useless!

                    COLE
          Thank you so much! Jesus!


INT. THE GALLERIA - PARKING STRUCTURE - CONTINUOUS

Cole follows Martigan into the pitch black parking garage. As
they walk AUTOMATIC LIGHTS go on above them, tracking their
movement through the darkness.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Alright, we’re injured an unarmed,
          outnumbered, and they’re gaining on
          us fast. All we have is the element
          of surprise.

She starts to take off her vest as she walk towards a pillar
and stands behind it. The automatic lights don’t detect her
in that spot and the area around her goes very dark. She
motions for Cole to get behind one a few feet away and he
does. The lights above him go out. And then, in the deep
background, automatic lights start activating, following
TikTok and the thugs as they APPROACH.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
              (whispering)
          Here.

Martigan throws her bullet proof vest to Cole.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Put on that vest.
                                                          80.


Cole starts putting on the vest. It’s EXTREMELY tight on him.

                    COLE
              (whispering)
          Jesus Christ this is tight.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          It’ll still stop bullets. That’s
          what really matters.

Cole is alarmed by this sentence.

                    COLE
          Wait what? What’s the plan exactly?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Simple. You run like hell in that
          direction screaming like a maniac,
          and I’ll jump ‘em from behind and
          kill ‘em all.

TikTok and his guys continue towards Martigan and Cole.

                    COLE
          But.... they’ll shoot at me.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Exactly. That’s why I gave you the
          vest.

                    COLE
          What if they shoot at my arms or
          feet or face?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          The vest is brightly colored so
          it’ll draw their fire. You’ll be
          fine.

                    COLE
          No I won’t!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You wanna kill these motherfuckers
          while I run away? Cause we can
          switch if you want!

                    COLE
          No!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Exactly! Now shut the fuck up and
          get ready to haul ass. Zig and zag.
          It’ll actually help a lot.
                                                         81.


Cole is overwhelmed with concern. This plan does NOT sound
good to him.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Alright, they’re almost here. You
          ready?

                      COLE
          Uh...

Cole is definitely not ready.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Alright. It’s do or die time. Any
          second now.

We push in on Cole’s increasing anxiety.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          10, 9, 8...

Martigan, making constant eye contact with Cole, continues to
silently mouth the numbers.

Cole is BREATHING HARD. FREAKING OUT. He can’t take it
anymore.

                    COLE
          I’m so, so sorry.

Martigan looks at him confused.

                      MAD MARTIGAN
          For what?

                    COLE
          Please don’t hate me.

He pulls Martigan’s UNLOCKED PHONE out of the vest pocket.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          For what? What the fuck are you
          doing?

He takes out the PINK PIECE OF PAPER from earlier and DIALS
THE NUMBER. We HEAR TIKTOK’S PHONE RINGING down the aisle. He
answers.

                    TIKTOK
              (into phone)
          Hello?
                                                        82.


                    COLE
              (into phone)
          Hello! Zac!

Martigan’s eyes go wide at the name Zac.

                    TIKTOK
              (into phone)
          Yeah.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (whispering to Cole)
          What the fuck?!

                    COLE
              (whispering to Martigan)
          I just can’t do this plan!
              (into phone)
          It’s me! The lookout! I’m hiding
          behind a pillar near you and I’m
          gonna come out so don’t shoot me!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (whispering to Cole)
          What?!?! You fucking dick!

                     COLE
              (whispering to Martigan)
          I’m sorry!
              (into phone)
          I’M COMING OUT! PLEASE DON’T SHOOT!
              (whispering to Martigan)
          I’m just trying to get out of here
          alive!
              (yelling)
          I’M COMING OUT!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (angry, whispering)
          Fuck you!

                     COLE
              (whispering to Martigan)
          Good luck!
              (yelling)
          DON’T SHOOT!!!

                    TIKTOK
              (to the thugs)
          Hold your fire!

Cole stands up with his hands high in the air and steps out
from behind the pillar. The automatic lights above him TURN
ON. TikTok and the thugs aim their guns at Cole’s.
                                                           83.


                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          You’re the lookout?!

                    COLE
          Yes! I work for The Boss! My name
          is Cole Markowitz. I got posted
          across the street yesterday,
          stakin’ out this safehouse. I was
          supposed to text if anyone showed
          up! And some lady did, so I did!
          And then everything went nuts!!
          Please don’t kill me! I’m on your
          team!!

ANGLE ON: Martigan, still hiding behind a pillar in the
darkness.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (furious, to herself)
          Fucking asshole.

BACK ON: Cole and Tik.

                    TIKTOK
              (owning it)
          Holy shit. Well, you were texting
          with me, yo!
              (owning it)
          I’m Tiktok, the assasin formerly
          known as Zac.

Tiktok lowers his gun, much to Cole’s relief

                    THUG
          She’s still out there, Tik.

                    TIKTOK
          I know! Stay crispy, guys.

                      THUG
          Frosty.

                      TIKTOK
          Whatever.

The THUGS AIM their guns in all directions, scanning for
Madeline.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          You stole Ryan Seacrest’s Maserati
          for The Boss’s birthday, right?

                    COLE
          Yeah! Exactly!
                                                        84.


Martigan cringes, clearly aware of the Seacrest incident.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (to herself)
          That motherfucker... I knew I’d
          seen him before. You stupid idiot!

                    TIKTOK
          Wait a minute...

He raises his gun again and AIMS it at Cole’s face.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          ... Why the fuck did you point a
          gun at my chest!

                    COLE
          It wasn’t a gun! It was a level,
          like for hanging paintings and
          shit! And... Uh... I was just...
          uh...

                    TIKTOK
          Were you trying to warn us?!
          About the trap?!

                    COLE
          Uh... yeah, exactly! My phone died,
          and I didn’t know what else to do!

Tik starts to lower the gun, but then remembers something and
lifts it back up to Cole’s face.

                    TIKTOK
          Wait, but then why’d you kill Hawk?

                    COLE
          He gassed me and I couldn’t speak!
          I kept trying to explain but he
          wouldn’t let me! It was self
          defense!

                     TIKTOK
          Yeah I totally get that. That
          motherfucker was never a good
          listener. He’s a real “shoot first,
          ask questions later” kinda dude.
          Or, was anyway.
              (beat)
          Well then-

TikTok lowers his gun and offers Cole his hand.
                                                        85.


                       TIKTOK (CONT'D)
             -nice to meet you in person, Cole.

Martigan watches in rage as Cole takes TikToks hand.

                       TIKTOK (CONT'D)
             We’re in quite the sitch, brosef.
             Facing off against THE Mad
             Martigan.

                       COLE
             Wait, what? That’s who that is?!

Cole clearly knows her reputation and is shocked that’s who
she is. He resists looking towards the pillar Martigan is
behind.

ANGLE ON Martigan, listening with great concern.

We cut back to Cole and Tiktok.

                       TIKTOK
             Yeah. She’s been killing the fuck
             outta my team and there’s only a
             few of us left. But looks like now
             we got one more! Welcome!

                       COLE
             Cool. Thanks.

                       TIKTOK
             Whoa... is that Martigan’s f-in’
             vest?!

Cole nods.

                       TIKTOK (CONT'D)
             Gimme, gimme!

Cole takes it off and hands it to Tiktok, who immediately
starts rummaging through the pockets.

                       COLE
             Yeah. She took it off at one point
             and I just snatched it from her and
             ran like hell.

                       TIKTOK
             Do you know where she is now?

Cole can’t help but glance towards where Martigan is hiding.
She grits her teeth, ready to spring out and make the best of
it.
                                                          86.


                    COLE
          Uh... no. No idea. What are you
          looking for?

                       TIKTOK
          Her phone.

                       COLE
          Oh, uh-

He holds up the phone.

                    TIKTOK
          No f-in’ way. You got her phone?
          YES!!!

TikTok KISSES Cole on the cheek.

                     TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          You beautiful man, you! And it’s
          still unlocked! Cyrus the Virus
          didn’t die in vain! This is a
          borderline miracle. Fuck.
          Alright...

TikTok starts scrolling through Martigan’s emails.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          ...there! YASS KING! That’s it. An
          air b&b receipt. Hah! I got the
          address!

ANGLE ON: Martigan, EXTREMELY concerned.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
              (on the phone)
          Boss!! Harriet fucked up the whole
          plan and now she’s dead and
          Martigan got away, BUT, I found
          where she stashed the friend!!!
          2201 Los Feliz!

Martigan’s overcome with dread. Her worst fear is being
realized.

TikTok attentively listens to The Boss for a moment.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
              (on the phone)
          Ten minutes?! Perfect! Thank you,
          Boss! I do my best. That’s very
          kind of you. Oh, wow. I really,
          really appreciate you saying that.
          It’s been a hell of a night!
                                                           87.


He tosses the phone back to Cole.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (to herself)
          Oh no.

She knows she doesn’t have a second to lose; she has to get
to Naomi first.

She throws caution to the wind and breaks out into a MAD
SPRINT towards the EXIT of the parking structure. The ceiling
lights rapidly activate as she runs, ILLUMINATING her every
move!!

                       THUG
          Tik, look!

                    TIKTOK
          SHOOT HER!!!

BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! They narrowly miss her as she runs out of a
driveway and onto the street. Tik turns to Cole and the
thugs.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Come on! Let’s get her!!!

Tiktok and the thugs CHASES Martigan as Cole reluctantly
follows.


EXT. STREET   - CONTINUOUS

Martigan BOLTS out on to the street. She runs to her RED
MERCEDES but it’s boxed in by one of the thug’s SUVs and the
GIRDERS that SHE dropped in front of it earlier to stop Cole
from driving off with it.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          FUCK!!!!!

She SEES one of the SUV’s has been DAMAGED by the girders.
She opens the door and is able to JAM it into neutral. She
starts to PUSH it out of the way, FREEING her Mercedes.

BANG!! A shot WHIZZES past her! Tik and the TWO THUGS are
shoot as they run towards her, Cole right behind them.

Martigan RUNS towards The Wilshire, and DUCKS behind a
DUMPSTER that has ORANGE CONSTRUCTION NETTING hanging around
it. BANG! BANG!! Bullets ricochet off the dumpster.
                                                        88.


                    TIKTOK (O.S.)
          There! She’s hiding there! She’s
          unarmed!!

Then, Martigan HEARS something. The RUMBLING of an engine...
She looks and sees that beside her is SPARTAN’s MOTORCYCLE,
TANGLED UP and DANGLING in the construction netting beside
her, engine running. Martigan SMILES.

ANGLE ON: Tik, the thugs, and Cole cautiously approaching the
dumpster they know Martigan is behind.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Get ready guys! This is it! We
          fucking got her ass this ti-

VROOOM!!!!! Martigan RIPS OUT from behind the dumpster on the
back of Spartan’s motorcycle! Tik, Cole, and the thugs all
DIVE out of the way as Martigan SPEEDS DOWN THE BLOCK.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Holy FUCK she so’s good!!!
              (to the guys)
          She’s gonna try to make it to her
          friend before the other guys get
          there. We gotta stop her, or the
          Boss’ll be so fucking pissed!
          Anyone have the keys to the SUV’s?

The thugs SHAKE their heads.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          You! Cole! GTA! Can you hot wire
          that Mercedes?

                      COLE
          ... yeah.

                    TIKTOK
          2201 Los Feliz! Let’s move!!!

They HOP in the car and DRIVE OFF.

We HOLD a moment, then see TWO FEET, covered in PINK
INSULATION FOAM step in to frame...


EXT. LA STREETS - NIGHT

Martigan SPEEDS through the streets of LA on the motorcycle,
weaving through traffic.

BEHIND HER, we see the RED MERCEDES fishtail around a corner
and SPEED after her.
                                                          89.


INT. RED MERCEDES - CONTINUOUS

Cole drives, TikTok is in the passenger seat, and the two
thugs are in the back.

                    TIKTOK
          Shit my man. You’re a tight fucking
          driver.

                    COLE
          Thanks.

Cole WEAVES through traffic, following Martigan.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          So... um... what exactly is
          happening here?

                    TIKTOK
          Martigan tried to quit, The Boss
          said no, Martigan went nuts, lured
          us all in to a trap, and now we’re
          gonna use her friend to make her
          give herself up.

                    COLE
          Who’s the friend?

                    TIKTOK
          Some fuckin’ normie-ass-civie.

We see Cole is RIDDLED WITH GUILT and self loathing.

                    COLE
          So... the plan is to kill the
          friend and Martigan?

                    TIKTOK
          Yeah! Unless Martigan gets there
          first and fucks it all up! So you
          stay on her ass!

Martigan, on her motorcycle, has an easier time WEAVING
through traffic, but Cole, truly an impressive driver,
manages to keep up.

ANGLE ON: Martigan. She looks back and sees Cole and TikTok
in her Mercedes. She JAMS the throttle and SPEEDS off.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Keep on her, man! Fuck!

Cole RIPS it into high gear.
                                                           90.


                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Nice! Damn! This is almost scary!
          Like... I wanna say slow down, but
          I know we shouldn’t!

                    COLE
          Yeah... as a car thief you gotta
          know a lot about cars.

                    TIKTOK
          I’d imagine. I know a lot about
          guns and knives and stuff.

                    COLE
          Safety features, things like that.

                    TIKTOK
              (looking at his GPS)
          Turn left here!
              (to the Thugs)
          We’re getting close!

                    COLE
          Like this Mercedes for example. The
          cage around the engine is so rigid,
          you can crash at around 50 miles an
          hour and the car will still drive
          after. And you’d be relatively
          unhurt, too.

                    TIKTOK
          Um... okay? Who gives a fuck?!

They SEE Martigan pulling up outside a HOUSE, she HOPS off
the motorcycle and starts making her way towards the door.

Cole puts on his SEATBELT. Nobody else in the car is wearing
one.

                    COLE
          ... as long as you’re wearing your
          seatbelt.

Cole JERKS THE WHEEL!!!


EXT. STREET OUTSIDE NAOMI’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Martigan is on Naomi’s front lawn, when she hears a loud
SCREECH and looks up to see her RED MERCEDES very
DELIBERATELY drive HEAD FIRST into a LAMP POST!
                                                        91.


CRASH!!! Tiktok is VIOLENTLY EJECTED out the front
windshield! He FLIES 20 feet through the air and SLAMS into a
FIRE HYDRANT, bending him like a rag doll. He is VERY dead.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          Holy shit.

She approaches the car and sees the two thugs DEAD in the
back seat and Cole in the driver’s seat, roughed up but
relatively okay.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          You alright?

                    COLE
              (groggy)
          Yeah...

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You did that on purpose, right?

                    COLE
          Yeah. I want to help.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          The lookout, huh?

                    COLE
          Yeah. Again, I’m so sorry.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          It’s alright. Get out.

Cole STUMBLES out. People are starting to come out of their
houses to see what’s happening. Martigan leads them away from
the wreck and towards Naomi’s AirBNB.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Okay, we’re gonna get my friend out
          of here now before The Boss’s goon
          squad shows up. Here’s the story.
          You’re my cousin. Distant. And you
          have a friend who works at the Four
          Seasons who’s giving us a suite for
          the night, and we’re gonna go there
          now and enjoy it. Right away.

                    COLE
          Sure. Cool. Where am I from?

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          Michigan.
                                                        92.


                    COLE
          No, Saskatchewan!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Fine, who fucking cares? You’re
          from Saskatchewan.

                    COLE
          Why do we look all fucked up?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (annoyed)
          We play competitive paintball
          together.

                    COLE
          Yes! Part of my newfound sobriety.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Ohh, that’s good. You’ve recently
          turned your life around. From a
          pornography addiction.

                    COLE
          Can it be gambling?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Nope. Not your vibe.

                    COLE
          My vibe is porn?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          One thousand percent.

Martigan knocks on the door. After a moment, Naomi answers.

                    NAOMI
              (excited)
          Madeline!

Then, the color drains from her face.

                    NAOMI (CONT'D)
          Cole?

                    COLE
          Naomi?

                    NAOMI
          What... how do you two know each
          other?! What the fuck is happening?
                                                        93.


                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Uh...

                    NAOMI
          What is happening?!!!

                    COLE
              (shocked)
          Uh...

                    NAOMI
          Spit it out! What’s happening?!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (to Cole)
          You know her?

                    NAOMI
          Oh, fuck this.

Naomi goes inside and SLAMS the door. Martigan tries to open
it, but it’s LOCKED. She turns to Cole, who is in SHOCK.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          What’s going on?!

                    COLE
          That’s my ex-wife!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          What?!

                    COLE
          That’s my ex-wife!!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Oh fuck.

                    COLE
          Well where the hell did you meet
          her?

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          ...outside of court. The day you
          got sentenced. We were both
          there... because of you!
              (mind blown)
          I KNEW I knew your face from
          somewhere. I was there to make sure
          you didn’t cop a plea. Then... I
          met her outside when I was walking
          to my car.
              (beat)
          She never talks about you.
                     (MORE)
                                                        94.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          She fucking hates you.
              (yelling)
          Naomi! Please open up! It’s
          important!!

                    NAOMI (O.S.)
              (through door)
          Fuck off!!!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (to Cole)
          I’m gonna break the door down.

She takes a few steps back.

                    COLE
          Why did you drag her in to this
          shit?? Why did you stash her here
          if you knew they were looking for
          her?! Why didn’t you get her out of
          the fucking city?!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Because I couldn’t come up with a
          story that would make her do that,
          and I didn’t want to tell her who I
          really was! Okay?! Now shut the
          fuck up!

She KICKS the door as hard as she can and it SWINGS open, the
frame SPLINTERING.

                    NAOMI
          AHHH!!

Martigan busts into the house. Cole follows.


INT. NAOMI’S AIR BNB - CONTINUOUS

                    NAOMI
          What the fuck is going on here?!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Please, calm down! We have to go!
          Right now!

                     NAOMI
          What? No! Tell me what is
          happening!! How do you know each
          other?!?!?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Uh... we... uh...
                                                        95.


                    NAOMI
          You’re a fucking criminal too,
          aren’t you?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Um...

                    NAOMI
          You’ve been lying to me?!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          ... I maybe lied about one thing!

                    COLE
          Ooh. Don’t say that.

                    NAOMI
          IT SEEMS LIKE A PRETTY BIG FUCKING
          THING!

                    COLE
          We gotta get out of here! Please!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          We’ve wasted enough time! They’ll
          be here any second! Trust us!!

                     NAOMI
          TRUST YOU?!! Why the FUCK would I
          do that?!!

Naomi starts to walk away from Martigan and Cole, when an SUV
SMASHES THROUGH THE FRONT WALL OF THE HOUSE!!!! Martigan and
Cole are KNOCKED to the ground!

CLOSE ON MARTIGAN. On the ground. Bloody. A CEILING LAMP
falls on her head, CRASHING. She SHOVES it off and GETS up
just in time to see Naomi being DRAGGED into the SUV by some
THUGS. They SLAM the car in REVERSE and SPEED AWAY, leaving a
GAPING hole in the house.

Martigan RUNS out the hole in the wall, followed by Cole.
They watch in dread as Naomi is driven away.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          What the fuck. Oh no. Oh no.

Martigan looks back to her Mercedes and quickly moves towards
it. Cole follows her.

                    COLE
          Now they fucking have her, because
          of you.
                                                        96.


Martigan gets to her car and starts pulling the DEAD THUGS
out of the back.

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          No, they fucking have her because
          of YOU!
              (beat)
          Don’t give me shit about lying to
          Naomi about being a criminal when
          you’re also lying to her about
          being a criminal, while you’re
          trying to win her back after
          getting divorced for lying to her
          about being a CRIMINAL!

Cole stares daggers at Martigan.

                    COLE
          Don’t judge me. If she really knew
          you, she’d hate you as much as she
          hates me.

Angry, Martigan gets in the car and slams the door shut.
Then... a phone rings. Cole looks in his pocket. It’s
Martigan’s phone. We see the call is from THE BOSS. Martigan
GRABS it and answers.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (into phone)
          Yeah.

                    THE BOSS (O.S.)
              (on speaker phone)
          Hooooolllllyyyyy shit. Look who it
          is. I got your friend. Which means
          I got you too. Come over to my
          place, alone, unarmed, and we’ll,
          you know, like, hash this out.
          Okay?

                      MAD MARTIGAN
          ... okay.

                    THE BOSS (O.S.)
              (on speaker phone)
          See you soon.

Martigan hangs up and thinks. Cole FREAKS out.

                    COLE
          What did you do? What-
                                                          97.


                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Look, we can keep arguing, or we
          can work together to save Naomi.
          What do you say?

                    COLE
          How do we do that? We don’t even
          have a gun.

                    FAY
          We got this car.

                    COLE
          So?

Faye opens the trunk.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          It’s full of explosives.

We in fact see that it is FULL of explosives. There’s a
detonator with a RED LIGHT attached to it.

                    COLE
          Holy FUCK! Why?!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I was gonna lure The Boss to The
          Galleria and blow him up.

                    COLE
          I could have exploded!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I’m honestly shocked you didn’t. I
          didn’t wire them that well.

Martigan locks eyes with Cole.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          I can trust you? You’re not gonna
          fuck me in the ass again?

                    COLE
          I’ve learned my lesson when it
          comes to fucking you over. It
          doesn’t work out. Can I trust you,
          Mad Martigan? Most ruthless and
          dangerous motherfucker in the city?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You don’t have a choice, do you?
                                                            98.


                       COLE
                (beat)
            So, what’s the plan?

                      MAD MARTIGAN
            Kill The Boss.



                                                  CUT TO BLACK

TITLE UP:

7:00 PM

We FADE INTO the familiar establishing shot of The Wilshire
and The Galleria facing each other, the sun setting over
downtown Los Angeles. But this time... the focus shifts DEEP
into the background towards the Hollywood Hills.

We PUSH IN on the HOLLYWOOD SIGN, and keep PUSHING until we
land on The Boss’s magnificent mansion, standing precariously
on a cliff overlooking the Hollywood sign, now with a series
of stilts and support beams added to help keep it upright.


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

We TRACK across the living room, which is a mess. Pizza
boxes, empty liquor bottles, and evidence of some harder
drugs are strewn about.

WE HEAR the strumming of a guitar, plucking a sad version of
a familiar tune.

We PAN and see a DARK FIGURE, sitting in the corner, guitar
in hand. It’s like KURTZ in Apocalypse Now, a hulking
presence shrouded in darkness. He continues playing the
melancholy tune as we slowly PUSH IN ON HIM. Then, we hear
him slowly start to sing sweetly, sadly, and beautifully.

                      THE BOSS
                (singing)
            Yo listen up here’s a story/ about
            a little guy that lives in a blue
            world/ and all day and all night
            and everything he sees is just blue
            like him. Inside and outside/ Blue
            his house with a blue little
            window/ And a blue Corvette And
            everything is blue for him/ And
            himself and everybody around
            'Cause he ain't got nobody to
            listen.
                                                        99.


The FIGURE STANDS AND STEPS INTO THE LIGHT. We see THE BOSS,
who, in contrast to the last time we saw him, could not seem
more devastated. He’s in his underwear, unshaven, messy hair,
guitar slung around his shoulder. He continues singing...

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          I'm blue... Da ba dee da ba daa
          Da ba dee da ba daa, da ba dee da
          ba daa, da ba dee da ba daa
          Da ba dee da ba daa, da ba dee da
          ba daa, da ba dee da ba daa...

He walks around his house as he plays. He looks down and sees
something that makes him sadder still: a picture of him,
Martigan, Harriet, Hawk, TikTok, and Vince, covered in blood
and dirt after a successful mission, posing with big smiles
on their faces and huge guns in their hands. He focus on
Martigan’s arm around his shoulder. Both of them smiling. He
sighs. Then starts to WAIL.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          I have a blue house with a blue
          window! Blue is the color of all
          that I wear! Blue are the streets
          and all the trees are too...

He looks at a FRAMED SELFIE STICK PIC of him and Martigan. He
looks REALLY HAPPY, and she looks KIND OF HAPPY. The Boss
takes a deep breath. This next line is hard to sing...

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          I had a girlfriend and she was so
          blue...

He suddenly KICKS over the table as he sings more ANGRILY.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Blue are the people here that walk
          around!!!

He KICKS in a TV SET.

                     THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Blue like my Corvette, it's in and
          outside!!!

He KICKS a side table, sending it FLYING across the room.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Blue are the words I say and what I
          think!

HE SMASHES HIS GUITAR. Stands alone, catching his breath. He
looks up and sees a SHATTERED MIRROR in front of him.
                                                       100.


It’s incredibly heavy handed symbolism. He says with both
sadness and rage...

                     THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Blue are the feelings that live
          inside me.

The Boss stands alone in the room, a broken man.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
              (deep breathe, starting
               again)
          I’m BLUE BA DA DE-

The front door opens and an UPPER LEVEL HENCHMAN enters to
see The Boss singing.

                      UPPER LEVEL HENCHMEN
          Boss, we-

                    THE BOSS
          -BA DA... what the fuck?!?

                    UPPER LEVEL HENCHMEN
          Sorry Boss! Uh...

The Henchman sees The Boss in his underwear with the guitar
and can’t help but let out a tiny CHUCKLE.

                    THE BOSS
          Is my pain funny to you?!

Harriet and TikTok now enter.

BLAM! BLAM! The Boss SHOOTS the upper level henchmen in the
head and he drops dead. His blood splatters all over TikTok’s
crisp white suit and directly in Harriet’s face, leaving them
both in utter shock.

                     THE BOSS (CONT'D)
              (to the henchmen’s dead
               body)
          No so fucking funny now, you dead
          motherfucker! Cause you don’t exist
          anymore!
              (to TikTok and Harriet)
          What? Spit it out. I’m in the
          middle of something.

                    TIKTOK
              (trying to hide his fear)
          We found her.

The Boss’s jaw drops.
                                                         101.


                    THE BOSS
              (hopeful)
          You found her?

He calms himself, trying to play it cool, but failing.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Where?

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          That new safe house. The apartment
          downtown. There’s a lookout across
          the street. He texted. Apparently
          she’s there.

                    THE BOSS
          Oh my god. Okay. Okay.

He eyes up TikTok and Harriet.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
              (points a TikTok)
          TikTok!

Harriet stifles a laugh.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          You’re my new main henchman.

                    TIKTOK
          Nice! Yes! Fuck! Thank you!

Harriet tries to hide her disappointment and anger.

                    TIKTOK (CONT'D)
          Alright, great. What do you want me
          to do, Boss?

                    THE BOSS
          Take a team...of, like, fifteen
          guys. If she’s actually there you
          call me right away. And keep her
          there. Don’t try to move her. I’ll
          come there.

                    TIKTOK
          Alright, boss. You can count on me.

TikTok and Harriet leave.

WE SEE QUICK CUTS of THE BOSS getting ready.
                                                       102.


INT. THE BOSS’S APARTMENT - SHOWER

He SHOWERS as quickly as he can.


INT. THE BOSS’S APARTMENT - CLOSET

He tries on TEN OUTFITS, not happy with any of them.

                    THE BOSS
          Fuck! Why do all my clothes SUCK?!


INT. THE BOSS’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM

He styles his hair, frustrated because he can’t decide which
way to put his part.

His PHONE RINGS. HE ANSWERS.

                    THE BOSS
          Yeah?

                                            INTERCUT WITH:


INT. THE GALLERIA - MAD MARTIGAN’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS

In a scene we’ve already seen, TikTok is on the phone, face
to face with Martigan, who sits on her chair, seemingly
defeated.

                    TIKTOK
          Hey Boss. We got Mad Martigan. 20th
          floor.

                    THE BOSS
          Really? Uh... just. Keep her there.

The Boss is somewhat overwhelmed and sits down on the toilet.

                    TIKTOK
          Yes sir. We’ll be here waiting.

                    THE BOSS
          Actually, put me on speaker phone!

                    TIKTOK
          Okay.

The Boss puts on a “serious voice”.
                                                       103.


                     THE BOSS
          Hey Madeline... I found you. Now...
          you just sit tight. I’ll be there
          in forty-five minutes. And then...
          we can talk. I’m pretty... bent out
          of shape right now.
              (beat)
          But... we’ll talk.
              (louder)
          Alright, guys. Keep her right
          there. If you have to shoot her for
          some reason, I understand. But,
          ideally, I call dibs on that.

The BOSS HANGS up.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
              (to himself)
          “Dibs”?! Jesus, you idiot! What are
          you, twelve? Fuck! So stupid.


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER

The Boss emerges from his room dressed like he’s going on a
date. He’s wearing a chic hat and a stylish fanny pack.

                    THE BOSS
          All right, let’s go. I don’t wanna
          be late. Let’s go!

The Boss walks off with purpose and the henchman follows.


INT. BOSS’S CAR - SOON AFTER

The Boss is driven through the streets of LA by his henchmen.
He lost in thought and looks intense. Then, his phone rings.
He answers and we see TikTok and his thugs (from pg. 81 in
the parking structure).

                     THE BOSS
          Hello?

                     TIKTOK
              (on the phone)
          Boss!! Harriet fucked up the whole
          plan and now she’s dead and
          Martigan got away-

                    THE BOSS
          She did?! You fucking-
                                                       104.


                    TIKTOK
          BUT, I found where stashed the
          friend!!!

                    THE BOSS
          Really?!?!? Where???
              (to driver)
          Wait stop! Everything’s changing!

The car stops.

                    TIKTOK
          2201 Los Feliz!

                    THE BOSS
              (to his driver)
          How long till we can get a truck
          load of guys to Los Feliz?

                    DRIVER
          Ten minutes.

                    THE BOSS
          Alright. We’ll grab her in ten
          minutes.

                    TIKTOK
          Ten minutes?! Perf-

The Boss hangs up and pumps his fists in excitment.

                    THE BOSS
          Crazy! Change of plans. 180! Head
          back to the house!


EXT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER

The Boss pulls up outside his house. A MOMENT later, his
phone rings.

                    THE BOSS
              (into phone)
          You got her?! Fuck yeah
          boyeeeeeee!!!

He hangs up and makes a call.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
              (into phone)
          Hooooolllllyyyyy shit. Look who it
          is. I got your friend. And now I
          got you too.
                    (MORE)
                                                          105.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Come over to my place, alone,
          unarmed, and we’re gonna, you know,
          like, hash this out. Okay?

                    MAD MARTIGAN (O.S.)
              (through phone)
          ... okay.

                    THE BOSS
          See you soon.

The Boss walks in to his house. There’s 6 THUGS milling
around.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Alright!!! We have some guests
          coming! Clean this place up, boys!
          Make Hizau Uzo proud!!


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER

Thugs are manically cleaning the house as The Boss stares
himself down in the mirror, in front of all the thugs.

                    THE BOSS
              (practicing)
          Hey Martigan, cool to see you.
          Whacky ass night, huh? Clearly the
          result of a lot of... passionate
          feelings. I feel like we both
          always knew something like this was
          bound to happen. I-

He notices a thug watching and stops. The Thug immediately
goes back to cleaning.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
              (practicing)
          So, Martigan. Marty. Mad Marty Mar
          Mar. Here we find ourselves. I
          guess it was always-

A car pulls to a stop outside and a moment later THUGS enter
with Naomi in tow. She’s BOUND and GAGGED.

                    THUG
          Here she is.

                    THE BOSS
          Snap, Crackle, and POP. I win.
          Alright, now let’s see who all the
          fuss is about.
                                                       106.


The Boss looks at Naomi’s terrified and gagged face.

                     THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          What the fuck? Are you joking me?
          She’s just some basic bitch! I
          thought she was going to be
          something special. What a fucking
          let down! How the fuck did you win
          over Martigan? I thought you’d have
          pink hair and a nose ring. Not
          split ends and New Balances.
              (beat)
          Well, FYI, you chose, like, the
          worst possible person to become
          friends with and now, unless you’ve
          got a magic fucking wand hidden up
          your bootyhole, you’re dunzo.
          You’re gonna either watch her die,
          then die, OR die as she watches,
          and THEN I’ll kill her. I honestly
          haven’t decided yet.

DING DONG! The doorbell rings. The Boss whips around to one
of his thugs.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Is that her?!?! How do I look?

                    THUG
          Uh... no... it’s-

Cole BURSTS in to the room, sweaty, frantic, bloody.

                    COLE
          I’m the lookout!! Boss! It’s me!
          The lookout! Col-

                    THE BOSS
          Cole Markowitz?! You’re still
          alive? Holy shit! Good on ya, man!
          I heard it was a cluster fuck over
          there.

                    COLE
          It was! Everything went to shit!
          Tiktok’s dead, everyone’s dead.

                    THE BOSS
          Vertigo Vince?

                    COLE
          Yep.
                                                       107.


                    THE BOSS
          Cyrus the Virus?

                    COLE
          Dead.

                    THE BOSS
          Harriet the Spy?

                    COLE
          Gone.

                    THE BOSS
          The Legion of Doom?

                    COLE
          Who?

                    THE BOSS
          Hawk and Animal!

                    COLE
          Uh... yes. Unfortunately she caused
          them to perish as well. I’m the
          only one who made it.

                    THE BOSS
          FUUUUUUUCK!

The Boss motions to Naomi, tied up in the chair.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Sorry, how rude of me. This whack-
          ass chicken-head is Naomi. Don’t
          ask me why someone this lame is
          wrapped up in all this, but don’t
          worry, she’ll be dead soon. Thank
          god. I mean, oy. Just look at her.

Naomi YELLS through her gag but it’s unintelligible.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          So, Cole, I bet you’re wondering
          what this is all about.

                    COLE
          Not really. You know me. Just keep
          my head down, don’t ask questions,
          cash the check. Honestly sometimes
          I think I’m better off not knowing
          the specifics of-

The Boss leans into Cole’s ears and talks in a hushed voice
so his henchmen can’t hear.
                                                       108.


                    THE BOSS
              (sad)
          I’m in love with Mad Martigan...
          and she doesn’t love me back.

                    COLE
          Oh...

                    THE BOSS
          So, yeah. If that’s not bad enough,
          she has the nerve to leave! She
          GHOSTED ME! It’s a big ass bummer.
          I mean, we weren’t TECHNICALLY
          dating, but she knew how I felt. I
          made it super clear, like all the
          time, so the ghosting was clearly a
          total rejection of my feelings. It
          was a ghost-reject. The WORST kind
          of reject! I mean, I shouldn’t be
          surprised. She’s insane. It’s why
          they call her “Mad Mardigan.”
              (melancholy)
          But... still. I love her. It’s my
          curse. Fuck me, right? I mean, what
          does that say about me?! YEESH!
          Therapy alert!

The Boss LAUGHS. Cole PRETENDS TO LAUGH as he looks at his
watch. He GLANCES over to Naomi, who’s watching, angry and
confused. He gives her a LOOK to play along as he keeps
pretending to laugh.

WE BOOM DOWN THROUGH THE FLOOR of the house. WE BOOM PAST the
CRUMBLING, OVERHANGING FOUNDATION, being propped up by a
shoddily rigged collection of scaffolding and wedged in
support beams. We KEEP BOOMING DOWN and REVEAL Martigan,
standing on the hill UNDER the Boss’s overhanging house, the
Hollywood sign in the distance.


EXT. HOLLYWOOD SIGN - CONTINUOUS

We BOOM DOWN the “Y” of the Hollywood sign and see Martigan’s
RED MERCEDES parked at the base.


EXT. UNDER THE BOSS’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Martigan looks at her watch. She takes out her RABBIT’S FOOT
KEYCHAIN and HITS A BUTTON.
                                                          109.


INT. THE BOSS'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

They’re still laughing.

                    THE BOSS
          I mean, it wasn’t THAT funny, but
          it feels good to laugh in tense
          times like-

BOOOOOOM!!! In the distance - THE HOLLYWOOD SIGN EXPLODES!!!

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Holy fuck! OH FUCK! Holy fucking
          fuck! Guys! LOOK!!!

The Boss and the thugs all rush to the window and look
towards the burning hillside, flaming chunks of giant letters
drifting downward.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Did you guys see tha-

The Boss looks back to Naomi and Cole and sees they’re BOTH
GONE.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          What the fu-

RUMBLE!!! The entire building starts to shake.


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Cole leads Naomi down the hall as the building rubmles.

                    COLE
          Run as fast as you can and don’t
          stop!

The entire structure shakes and quivers again.

                    NAOMI
              (muffled)
          What is happening?

                    COLE
          We have less than a minute to get
          out of here or we’re fucked!
                                                       110.


EXT. UNDER THE BOSSES HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

We see Martigan has been smashing the SCAFFOLDING and SUPPORT
BEAMS that hold the house up with a SLEDGE HAMMER. She takes
another BIG SWING, DESTROYING more beams.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          RRRARRR!!!

She eyes a LARGER BEAM and SLAMS the sledge hammer into it.

                    MAR MARTIGAN
          RRRRAAAAARRRR!!!!!!!!


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Cole and Naomi run as the house starts to collapse.

                    THUG(O.S)
          They went that way!

Cole looks back and see’s the thugs approaching. Cole spots a
door at the far end of the hall. He looks back at the thugs
who are gaining on them. Cole realizes the thugs are going to
get to them before they reach the door.

                    COLE
          Quick! There! Go out that door and
          don’t stop until you’re out!

Naomi RUNS towards the door as, unbeknownst to her, Cole
turns AROUND and RUNS DIRECTLY AT THE THUGS!!! The surprised
thugs raise their guns as Cole TACKLES THEM! They all fall to
the ground as the building SHAKES again, and this time, the
shaking doesn’t stop. RUMBLE! RUMBLE! RUMBLE!

Naomi reaches the door and opens it as the shaking
intensifies, the ground starting to crack and break. She runs
out of the house.


EXT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Naomi looks back into the house to see Cole GRAPPLING with
the two thugs as the ENTIRE HOUSE BREAKS FREE from the
driveway and starts SLIDING DOWN THE HILL!!!

                    NAOMI
          Holy shit!!!
                                                          111.


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Cole and the thugs tumble down the hallway as the house
slides down the hill on a 45% angle. They SMASH through
double doors into-


INT. THE BOSS'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

- The main room, where The Boss is already pressed up against
the large glass windows. As the building pushes it’s way down
the hillside the furniture and art CHAOTICALLY FLIES around
the room while trees and rocks SMASH through the massive
GLASS WINDOWS.


EXT. THE HILLSIDE - CONTINUOUS

Martigan watches in awe as the house goes by. She looks up to
the driveway and sees Naomi is there and safe. But where’s
Cole? She look to the house BASHING it’s way down the hill,
then sees Cole through a window, INSIDE the moving house!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Oh fuck.

She SPRINTS towards the house as it PLOWS through a few more
trees and ultimately come to a stop TEETERING on the EDGE of
a CLIFF!


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Every piece of art and furniture and appliance imaginable has
been up-ended, tossed around, and lodged into different parts
of the room. A fire is growing in the kitchen. One of the
thugs can be seen CRUSHED by the branches of a huge TREE.

Cole is unconscious on the ground. He starts to come to, only
to find himself SLIDING towards the edge.

                     COLE
          Oh no...

He SCRAMBLES to GRAB anything he can and manages to   grab onto
a KAWS SCULPTURE... but the arm RIPS off! He starts   to move
faster, desperately clawing at the floor, but to no   avail. He
FALLS OVER THE EDGE... when a hand suddenly reaches   out and
GRABS him! It’s Martigan!!!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Gotcha motherfucker!
                                                       112.


                    COLE
          Oh thank god!!!

Martigan PULLS Cole to safety. They look at each other,
relieved. But the moment is short lived when the entire
building starts to rise up on an angle, teetering over the
edge.

Cole and Martigan start to run as the houses becomes
increasingly steep; it’s as though they were running up an
incredibly steep hill. And all while myriad different objects
start to fall towards them.

At the other end of the room, Cole sees the now-broken WINDOW
in the FLOOR.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
          THERE! THERE!

They claw their way up the almost vertical room as objects
tumble towards them.

The building goes so vertical that Martigan starts to slide
again. Cole reaches up to the busted window frame and holds
on with one hand as his other hand clutches onto Martigan’s.
They both manage to climb up and JUMP through the hole as the
house teeters up one last time, moments away from crashing
over the edge and down the cliff.


EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS - CONTINUOUS

Martigan and Cole LAND on the ground. They look up at the
house as it goes vertical, and just when it’s about to fall
over the edge, it CRACKS in two at the midpoint, sending the
part of the house they just jumped out of FALLING BACK DOWN
TOWARDS THEM!

                    COLE
          AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

There’s no way they can outrun it. Martigan sizes up the
hole, grabs Cole, and moves them two steps to the right.

CRAAAASSSSHHHH!!!! The house SLAMS down ONTO THEM.


INT. THE BOSS’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Martigan and Cole are shocked to find themselves ALIVE, and
in The Boss’s house! The building slammed down around them,
but they were perfectly aligned with the window in floor.
They look at each other in awe, then open the door and step
out.
                                                        113.


EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS - CONTINUOUS

Martigan and Cole exit the decimated remnants of the Boss’s
house.

                    NAOMI (O.S.)
          Madeline! Cole!

They look up to see Naomi running down the hill towards them.

                    NAOMI (CONT'D)
          Oh my god! You’re alive!

In the background, unbeknownst to everyone, we see The Boss
SLOWLY pulling himself up over the edge of the cliff holding
a GUN!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Yeah... I think we are.

The Boss is about to shoot them, but is so out of breath he
has to take a knee to gather himself.

                    NAOMI
          Are you hurt?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I don’t think so? Cole? You okay?

                    COLE
          Yeah... I think so...

The Boss take a deep breathe, exhales, and stands up.

                    COLE (CONT'D)
              (to Naomi)
          You? You’re okay?

                    NAOMI
          Yeah.

The Boss walks towards them and raises his gun.

                    THE BOSS
          NOT FOR FUCKING LONG!

They all turn and finally see him.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          You can’t kill what you can’t
          understand, dickwads. And I’m a
          well-dressed enimga wrapped in a
          bomb ass Balenciaga coat, and I
          burn brightest right before I-
                                                       114.


BLAM! The Boss gets SHOT in the stomach-

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          Ouchy! My tummy!
              (slips on a rock)
          Whoa! Whoa! Okay, wait...

The Boss FALLS back off the cliff.

                    THE BOSS (CONT'D)
          AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-

Martigan and Cole look to see a bruised and battered Harriet,
covered in bits of pink insulation foam, standing behind
Naomi, a smoking gun in hand.

She AIMS at Naomi.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Harriet. Look if you want to-

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Save it. You’ve already said what
          you need to say to me and...

She lowers her gun.

                    HARRIET THE SPY (CONT'D)
          ... that shit really hit home.
          You’re right. I can change. I don’t
          have to be the same thing all my
          life. I can want more. And that’s
          why I’m done being some low level
          thug.

Martigan smiles at this.

                     HARRIET THE SPY (CONT'D)
          Instead, I’m taking over. There’s a
          Boss-shaped hole in the city, and
          I’ll be fucked if I’m not filling
          it. So... thank you.
              (beat)
          I’m in charge now. Because of you.

Martigan nods. Good enough. She’ll take it. Harriet points
her gun at Cole and Naomi.

                    HARRIET THE SPY (CONT'D)
          So what’s their deal? We killing
          them, or-

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          We’re NOT killing them.
                                                       115.


                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Sure. Whatevs. Well, you ever wanna
          buy some heroin or a bazooka or
          have someone kidnapped or
          assasinated or something, gimme a
          ring. Peace out, Mad Martigan.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Call me Madeline.

                    HARRIET THE SPY
          Nah. That’s fucking lame. You’re
          Mad Martigan, whether you like it
          or not.

Harriet RUNS off into the night.

Martigan, Cole, and Naomi all look at each other. The sounds
of approaching sirens can be heard. Police and news
helicopters can be seen approaching.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Let’s get the fuck out of here.

                    COLE
          If we get down to that road I can
          boost a car.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Great. I have a safe house in
          Encino we can hide out in until the
          heat blows over.

Martigan and Cole start to move, when they realize Naomi
hasn’t.

                    MAD MARTIGAN (CONT'D)
          Naomi, we gotta go, like, now. The
          cops will be hear any minute.

                    NAOMI
          Yeah. And I’m going to wait here
          for them.

                    COLE
          What? What would you even tell
          them?

Naomi stares daggers at them, dumbfounded and angry.

                    NAOMI
          The fucking TRUTH.

Martigan and Cole are confused.
                                                       116.


                    NAOMI (CONT'D)
          What if they find out I was
          involved somehow, and that I didn’t
          report it? I could go to jail! I’m
          not going to jail for this shit!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Okay, well then I guess you just
          leave out our names, and we’ll lay
          low and reach out to you in a week
          or-

                    NAOMI
          No! You don’t seem to get it. I’m
          telling the police absolutely
          everything; that my EX husband and
          my EX best friend both lied to me,
          somehow got me kidnapped and made a
          whole house slide down a hill after
          blowing up the fucking Hollywood
          sign!

                    COLE
          I mean... we could get in a LOT of
          trouble for that-

                    NAOMI
          Good!

Martigan and Cole are flabbergasted.

                    NAOMI (CONT'D)
          Look at you two... You both say you
          want someone to be close with,
          someone who “gets who you are” and
          “knows you”? Congratulations! You
          found ‘em! You’re exactly the
          fucking same.

Naomi takes off her BFF bracelet and THROWS it at Cole. He
catches it.

                    NAOMI (CONT'D)
          You deserve each other. And I never
          want to see either of you again.

Martigan and Cole look at each other, stunned, then back to
Naomi, who just stares them down until they awkwardly turn
and walk away.

Martigan and Cole head down the hillside. We stay on their
shocked faces as they hurry away, trying to process what just
happened.
                                                          117.


EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS

SMASH! The window to a car is broken. Cole reaches in and
unlocks the door, and he and Martigan get in.

They sit for a moment as Cole fiddles with some WIRES under
the steering wheel.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          I can’t believe she said that.

                    COLE
          Well, she did have one good point.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          What’s that?

Cole holds up his wrist. He’s wearing Naomi’s bracelet.

                    COLE
          We deserve each other. That’s why
          we’re BFF’S now.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          How fucking dare you.

                    COLE
          It’s the law! I can’t help it!
          We’re bound by the magic of the
          bracelet!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          You’re not pissed?! She just kicked
          you out of her life, too!

                    COLE
          Yeah... but honestly, I want her to
          be happy, and she IS better off
          without me. And you. She’s too good
          for us.

                     MAD MARTIGAN
              (beat)
          I want to change.

                    COLE
          Me too. But I very, very clearly
          haven’t as much as I need to.

Martigan thinks on this.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Me either I guess.
                                                       118.


                    COLE
          And that’s why we deserve each
          other.

Martigan has a thought that grosses her out.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          If you think I’m EVER going to fuck
          you-

                    COLE
          No! I never assumed this would go
          there.

                       MAD MARTIGAN
          Good!

                    COLE
          Number one rule of BFFs is you
          don’t fuck your BFF.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Stop calling me that!

                    COLE
          I’m not calling you that! The
          bracelet is calling you that!

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          Just hurry up! I thought you were
          good at this.

VROOOOM! The engine revs.

                       COLE
          I am.
              (beat)
          Where too?

BEHIND THEM - a COP CAR fishtails on to the street, and
SCREECHES to a stop. It SHINES it’s spotlight on their car!

                    COP
              (over speaker)
          FREEZE! COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS
          UP!

Ahead of them two more cop cars are SCREECH around the
corner. The cop cars stop in front of them. Their BOXED IN!

Martigan and Cole desperately search for a way out. But there
isn’t one.
                                                       119.


                    COP (CONT'D)
              (over speaker)
          SURRENDER OR WE WILL OPEN FIRE!

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Fuck.

                    COLE
          Yeah. Fuck.

Cole and Martigan sit, thinking. They both PEER over the side
of the HILL beside them. It’s STEEP and LONG cliffside,
but... maybe they won’t die?

                    MAD MARTIGAN
          What do you think?

                    COLE
          I think I’d rather not go to jail
          for the rest of my life for blowing
          up the Hollywood sign.

                     MAD MARTIGAN
          Ditto.

                    COP
              (over speaker)
          THIS IS YOUR LAST WARNING! STEP OUT
          OR WE WILL OPEN FIRE!!!

                    COLE
          Buckle up. You won’t be my BF for F
          if we die tonight.

                    MAD MARTIGAN
              (buckling up)
          For the last fucking time, stop
          calling me that! Now DRIVE!

Cole JERKS THE WHEEL and GUNS it. They HOLD on as the car
ZOOMS forward and FLIES off the road, over the cliffside-

              FAYE                            COLE
AHHHHHHH!!!                     AHHHHHHH!!!

-and OUT OF SIGHT.

CUT TO BLACK.

TO BE CONTINUED...
