                                 OPEN WATER



                                     by
                       Alexandre Aja & Greg Levasseur




                    Based on "SOS" by Duncan Samarasinghe




December 5th 2020
ON A SMARTPHONE SCREEN-

A young woman’s hand scrolls through pictures like fleeting
memories-

- An elementary schoolyard party where a 7-YEAR-OLD GIRL
playing with her classmates smiles into the camera...

- The same child sits on the shoulders of A MAN, probably her
father, sharing cotton candy...

- The little girl shows her classroom to her parents, it’s
back to school night...

- She proudly shows off her school work for the past year...

- Posing with a fluffy, bunny rabbit- The school mascot...

These clichés of life’s happy moments finally come crashing
down with the final image --

- The little girl lays intubated in an ICU hospital bed with
her eyes closed...

The phone screen goes black revealing-

A distant gaze- KATE (33). She puts the phone down on the
night table where 5:12 AM glows on the alarm clock.


EXT. HOTEL - DUSK - CONTINUOUS

THE THUNDERING SOUND OF JET ENGINES ROARS AS AN AIRLINER
PASSES OVERHEAD THE PULLMAN HOTEL AT THE SYDNEY AIRPORT...

                                                   CUT TO

A carry-on bag.

Wheels in motion, rumbling over epoxy flooring.

Heels. Hair in a bun. Wearing a tailored suit in airline
colors, KATE enters the international departure -

Kate is late and rushing through the crowd. Passengers who
will soon be under her watch and the main protagonists of our
story--

Long queues, long faces. Perspiration. Crying babies.

She’s looking around, searching for the rest of her flying
crew.
                                                         2.


It’s hard not to notice the loud group of high school kids
wearing uniforms and checking in their clunky instrument
cases.

Their teacher, LUIS FERRERA (late 30’s) is a bit overwhelmed
by their rambunctious energy as he tries to collect their
passports.

Kate spots her colleagues as they’re heading towards security-

She gets crushed in the embrace of senior flight attendant
DAWN-MARIE (60)-

                    DAWN-MARIE
              (surprised)
          Kate?! I had no idea you were here.
          Are you flying back today?

                    KATE
          Hi Dawn. In fact, I’m flying back
          with you guys. I swapped my shift
          with Eleanor.
              (a beat)
          It’s Juliette...

                    DAWN-MARIE
          What happened?

                       KATE
          She moved.

Dawn-Marie registers the monumental event.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          The doctors can’t say if she’s
          going to wake up, but she moved.

                    DAWN-MARIE
          My goodness. That is such wonderful
          news...

Kate's throat tightens.

                    KATE
          Three years...

It’s too much for Kate and she’s on the verge of tears. Dawn-
Marie hugs her tightly.

                    DAWN-MARIE
          It’s gonna be fine, hon. It’s gonna
          be fine... Now, dry those tears
          before I start crying.
                                                            3.


Dawn-Marie takes her by the hand and they go join the rest of
the crew- six other flight attendants.

                     DAWN-MARIE (CONT'D)
           Guys, this is Kate. Kate did her
           first flight with me. A long time
           ago. And many, many more since...

                     KATE
           Dawn is like my mother in the sky.

                     FLIGHT ATTENDANT
           Mine too! I’m Axel.

                     FLIGHT ATTENDANT (CONT'D)
           That’s really sweet.
               (introducing herself)
           Namrata.

                     KATE
           Nice to meet you all.

They enter the fast lane to security-

                     KATE (CONT'D)
               (to Dawn-Marie)
           How have you been? The last time I
           saw you, you were heading for a
           romantic scuba diving weekend in
           Mexico.

                     DAWN-MARIE
           Didn’t turn out that romantic...

                     KATE
           Still plenty of fish in the sea.

                                                  CUT TO:


INT.   AIRPORT SECURITY - DAY

Kate passes through the security check point with her crew.

Her phone rings as she puts it in the bin next to her
personal items. She looks at the screen--

IT’S HER MOM. Kate reaches for the phone but too late. It
gets pulled away with her belongings.

In the next lane, the passengers wait behind the metal
detectors.

Valuables, shoes, belts, all being hastily removed.
                                                            4.


OMAR (25) gets pulled aside for an enhanced patdown. The baby-
faced Arab man assumes the position as two agents vigorously
frisk him all over, a lot of people staring...

                    OMAR
              (sarcastically)
          Next time, I’ll just take
          everything off...

A Little Girl (8) can’t help but notice-

                     LITTLE GIRL
              (loud)
          Mommy, are they doing racism?

Omar overhears the little girl and smiles finding it somehow
funny. Embarrassed, the little girl’s MOTHER does her best
not to make eye contact with Omar, pressing her older
daughter forward as well.

                    MOM
          Just keep walking, sweetie. We’re
          gonna miss the plane.

Now the security agents are checking Omar’s carry on luggage,
emptying it completely...

                     BIG SISTER
          She’s right, that’s 100% racial
          profiling.

                    MOM
          Okay, that’s enough.

Behind Omar, the music students playfully roughhouse with
each other.

FRANCISCO approaches his classmate JONAH with a conniving
smile and whispers in his ear-

                    FRANCISCO
          I’m sure if you ask nicely they’ll
          be happy to perform a cavity
          search.

                    JONAH
          Wasn’t funny on the way in. Still
          not funny on the way back.

Luis puts his stuff through the X-RAY MACHINE. Wearing a t-
shirt with the high school logo, he looks more like a young
camp counselor than a music teacher.
                                                          5.


                    LUIS
          Make sure your pockets are empty.
              (seeing his wristwatch)
          Shoot. Wait...

On the X-RAY MONITOR, the controller notices a suspiciously
long and solid shape.

He looks up at LISA.

                    LISA
              (sarcastic)
          Yes, you guessed it. It’s a trophy
          in the shape of a treble clef.

The controller turns his head-

                    SECURITY AGENT
          Congratulations.

                    LISA
          Thanks, but we only took second
          place. I think we could’ve done
          better.

Another beep sounds off on the other side of the metal
detector--

TRISHA sticks her tongue out to show the metal piercing
before explaining her guitar case to one of the agents.

                    TRISHA
          No way I’m checking it again.

                    SECURITY AGENT
          I’m sorry, but you cannot get
          through with that. If it doesn’t
          fit on the conveyor belt, it wont
          fit in the overhead compartment.

While Trisha continues pleading her case, YOJI, the smallest
student is becoming impatient, holding his flute case.

                    YOJI
          Oh great, now, she’s gonna make us
          miss the flight too?

Next in line, a heavy set Australian man, GARY(40) kneels
down to untie his shoelace giving the entire airport a view
of his butt crack.

LINH, a shy looking teen, is repulsed by the horrific vision.
She pulls on the tote bag of her BFF MCKENZIE and pretends to
puke in it.
                                                            6.


Further away -

HAROLD(60), an avuncular silver fox, squints hard. On
tippytoes, he’s eyeballing the back of a lady with flowing
grey hair, who’s just about to leave the security check.

He tries to see her face, but he loses sight of her through
the passing crowd. Her silhouette seems to have brought back
a distant memory.

Kate gets her personal items back - Her phone rings again.
She answers-

                    KATE
          Yes, mom. Yes, I managed to take
          the earlier flight. How is she?

Kate smiles as she puts her shoes back.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          We land at 6:40. I’ll come straight
          from the airport. Love you too,
          Mom.

                                                  CUT TO:


INT. BOARDING ZONE - DAY

In the duty free souvenir shop, Kate hesitates between a
kangaroo stuffy in sunglasses or a great white shark in a
bathing suit.

She eavesdrops on some of the music students across the aisle-

McKenzie holds a life size Koala bear stuffy.

                    MCKENZIE
          He’s gonna love it.

                       LINH
          So cute.

Mckenzie freezes when she sees two classmates making out.

                       MCKENZIE
          Omg. Look.

It’s ASHLEY and JASON and they could easily be crowned Prom
King and Queen.

                    LINH
          Like no one saw that coming.
                                                            7.


                     MCKENZIE
           Isn’t she with Paul?

Zoom in on Ashley and Jason face sucking-

                     JASON
               (cheesy)
           I could stay with you forever on
           this island.

                     ASHLEY
           Omg. It’s like totally a
           continent... But yeah, me too...
               (staring)
           I wish this trip would never end.

They continue kissing in a cheesy halo of airport lighting.

Kate looks at them with a hint of amused nostalgia.

She finally decides on a teddy bear with the words “Hug me”
embroidered on its tummy and walks to the cashier.


INT.   BOARDING ZONE - CONTINUOUS

Kate exits the duty free shop with her gift and suitcase in
tow and heads to the departure gate.

She walks past the other passengers including Harold, who
still searches for the woman he saw at security.


INT. CABIN - DAY

The cabin crew enter the empty plane.

Kate joins Dawn-Marie who chit-chats with other flight
attendants as they check the emergency equipment.


EXT. PLANE - DAY

Outside, veteran pilot, CAPTAIN CHAMBERS (50’s) takes a last
look at the aircraft’s fuselage and gives instructions to the
fueler.


INT. PRE-BOARDING LOUNDGE - DAY

Behind the floor to ceiling airport windows- The Boeing 787-8
Dreamliner is prepped for departure. Bags and musical
instruments are being loaded.
                                                          8.


All passengers are waiting. Mostly American tourists
returning home. Last phone calls, hashtags and selfies.

                    ANNOUNCEMENT
          Good morning to all passengers on
          flight 89 headed to Los Angeles.
          Boarding will begin in a few
          minutes at Gate 13. But first we’d
          like to invite any passengers with
          special needs or small children to
          present themselves for priority
          boarding...


INT. COCKPIT - DAY

Captain Chambers steps back in the cockpit where his female
first officer studies the flight plan. They go through the
check list together.

           CHAMBERS                     FIRST OFFICER
Bleed system... Hydraulics...   ... Check... Check...
Avionics... Oxygen...           Check... Check


INT. CABIN - DAY

Meanwhile in the cabin, Kate walks up the aisle checking the
empty seats making sure everything is in order. She opens the
last overhead compartments and joins Axel by the door as they
get ready to welcome the passengers.

                    AXEL
          Looking forward to being home?

Kate is surprised by the question.

                    AXEL (CONT'D)
          Dawn-Marie told me about your
          little girl. I can’t tell you how
          happy we are for you.

                    KATE
          I told her not to say anything.

                    AXEL
          She couldn’t help herself.

Kate smiles.


INT. BOARDING GATE - DAY

All 200+ passengers are lining up at Gate 13 ready to board.
                                                           9.


Among them, Omar, the mom with her two daughters, Gary, Luis,
the music teacher and his pupils, and Harold who is still
searching for the mysterious woman.

                    AIRLINE STAFF
          Ladies and gentlemen, we are now
          going to start boarding our
          business class passengers...


INT. PLANE - DAY

Harold is among the first few passengers to take a seat in
business.

Now a procession of economy class cattle shuffle down the
dual aisles... Families, tourists, honeymooners, black, white
and everything in between.

Omar hands his boarding pass to Kate.

                    KATE
          Hello. 34D is all the way down the
          right aisle.

                    OMAR
          Is the plane at full capacity? I
          really don’t like being seated in
          the last row.

                    KATE
          Let me finish the boarding and I’ll
          see what I can do for you, sir.

A steady stream of people pass by all the nicer seats in
business class they will never get to experience.

In one of those big seats, Harold is busy settling in when
suddenly, he does a double take and spins around --

                    HAROLD
          Pam?!

A few rows behind him, the grey-haired woman from before
stops in her tracks creating a standstill in the flow of
people.

Their eyes meet. Both stunned silent.

                    FRANCISCO
          Hey, what's the hold up here, huh?
          C'mon, darlin', chop-chop.

Pam swallows hard and turns tail, breaking eye contact.
                                                        10.


The stream of people starts moving again, Harold once more
losing her in the crowd.

Following her mother and her older sister, the little girl
spots a pair of empty business seats...

                    LITTLE GIRL
          Can't we sit here?

                    BIG SISTER
          No, dummy, we're poor.

                    MOTHER
          One day, honey. When you're a
          doctor or a lawyer or--

                    BIG SISTER
          Or a high-end call girl.

                     MOTHER
          Stop it!

                    BIG SISTER
          I said high-end!

Back to the aircraft door, Luis can’t find his boarding pass
and he’s stressing out.

                    LUIS
          It was in my passport, two minutes
          ago... I’m sorry, flying makes me a
          little nervous...

                    KATE
          It’s OK, sir. Take your time.

Luis is reassured by her endearing smile and finally finds
the missing piece of paper in his back pocket-

                    LUIS
          Here it is.

                    KATE
          25C is this way.

Two of his students who stand right behind him giggle with
delight at his clumsiness -

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Welcome aboard, ladies.

Using tongs, another flight attendant hands out hot
towelettes to business class travelers.
                                                        11.


Harold stews, throwing frequent looks back towards economy.

                    HAROLD
              (to the flight attendant)
          'Scuse me. May I ask you a favor?
          And fair warning, it's going to
          sound rather odd.


INT. ECONOMY CLASS - DAY

The Mom and daughters get to their row. But AN OLDER MAN is
sitting there already, holding a backpack on his lap.

                    MOM
          Excuse me sir, I think that’s our
          row.

The man checks his boarding pass and the number above the
seat-

                    OLDER MAN
          Sorry. Wrong seat. I’m 23D, not C.

He moves across the aisle after helping the mother put her
luggage in the overhead compartment. Then he seats, with the
backpack still on his lap.

Not far, McKenzie slides the Koala bear into the overhead
compartment as well.

Francisco places his backpack next to the stuffy.

                    FRANCISCO
          You know that’s illegal. Koalas are
          an endangered species.

Francisco laughs at his own stupid joke.

                    MCKENZIE
          It’s unfortunate that you’re not
          the endangered species.


A FEW ROWS BACK

Pam's mind still reels. Barely noticing that she keeps
getting jostled by Gary in the aisle seat. The big Aussie
dude keeps talking to her-
                                                        12.


                    GARY
          ...I play a little Poker too but
          Blackjack has the best odds of
          winning. And I’m going there to
          win.

He’s interrupted by Dawn-Marie.

                    DAWN-MARIE
          Congratulations, Sir. You've scored
          a free upgrade to business class.

This gets Pam's attention. Gary lights up --

                    GARY
          You little ripper!
              (to Pam)
          Told you, I’m in luck.

Gary lumbering out of economy class, almost dancing, Viva Las
Vegas.

A moment after... Harold emerges.

Pam's eyes going wide as he strides closer.

Harold stands in the aisle, gazing down at her.

                    HAROLD
          This seat taken?

Pam releasing a pent-up breath...


INT. AIRCRAFT DOOR - DAY

Kate welcomes the last passengers, waves at the ground crew,
and slowly closes the aircraft door.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. TARMAC - DAY

Safety wands in hand, a marshaller wearing a red reflector
vest directs the remaining ground crew to disperse.


INT. COCKPIT - DAY

Dawn-Marie knocks on the cockpit door. Chambers lets her in.
                                                        13.


                       DAWN-MARIE
             Captain. Your double espresso and
             the flight manifest.
                 (handing it)
             218 souls on board.

                       CAPTAIN CHAMBERS
             Thank you Dawn-Marie... They’re
             lucky to have you.

                       DAWN-MARIE
             I’ll come back up in a couple
             minutes and tell you what your food
             choices are for today.


IN THE REAR CABIN

Kate comes to see Omar who is sitting in the last row of the
plane. He’s on the phone, arguing with his ex-

She waits. A little awkward.

                       OMAR
                 (on the phone)
             ...There was nothing left in my
             closet... What are you talking
             about? You know what, fucking sell
             them on Ebay if you want. I don’t
             care anymore.

He hangs up.

                       KATE
             Sir, we do have an empty seat on
             row 24 if you still want to change.

He smiles.

                       OMAR
             Thanks, that would be so much
             better.

Omar takes his carry on and follows the flight attendant down
the aisle.

He takes a seat next to Lisa and two other music students.
Notices the uniforms. Tries to break the ice-

                       OMAR (CONT'D)
             Hi! Where are you guys coming from?
                                                        14.


                    LISA
          International Band competition in
          Sydney.

                    OMAR
          Cool... And you’re from LA?

                    LISA
          Salinas. Next to Monterey.

                    OMAR
          I’ve never been but I heard it’s
          beautiful...


INT. COACH - DAY

In their seats, Harold and Pam stealing glances, neither
knowing where to start. Until both blurt out at the same time-

            HAROLD                           PAM
I like your hair --             When did you--

Awkward. Nervous chuckles traded.

                     HAROLD (CONT'D)
          ...Let's just... okay, we've got
          fourteen hours to catch up on
          twenty five years... Let's just
          relax and debrief... Swap war
          stories...

Harold holds up his ring finger, thumbing the pale tan line
where a wedding band used to be...

Pam breathes a smile... Flips up her own ring finger. Ditto.

With the flight crew in position for the safety demo, Axel
takes the microphone.

                    AXEL
          Good day, ladies and gentlemen...
          At this time I’d like to ask you
          to direct your attention to the
          flight attendants for the
          aircraft’s safety features. But
          first we have some sad news to
          report... After forty years in the
          sky and over 6,000 flights...

Nearby in an adjacent aisle, Dawn-Marie smiles bashfully.
                                                           15.


                     AXEL (CONT'D)
          This will be the final journey for
          one of our most beloved
          colleagues...
               (indicating her with a
                huge grin)
          Dawn-Marie Porter, you absolute
          legend of the sky, please take a
          bow!

Passengers break out into whooping and applause...

The music students start clapping and singing in unison,
surprising the other passengers... disturbing others.

                    LUIS
          Okay, that’s good. That’s good.
          Okay. Enough, please.

While Axel and other flight attendants are presenting the
safety measures, Kate joins Dawn-Marie in the galley-

                    KATE
          My god, I can’t believe it...

                    DAWN-MARIE
          I didn’t want to make a big fuss
          about it.

Kate can see how emotional she is.

                    KATE
          No more whining passengers or
          crying babies...

Dawn-Marie lets out a nervous laugh as she regains her
composure.

                    DAWN-MARIE
          If I have one advice for you,
          sweetie... Don’t spend your life
          collecting magnets from all the
          places you’ve been to put on a
          fridge door you barely ever
          open.... Build something for
          yourself.

Kate smiles. The captain’s voice interrupts them-

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O.
          This is Captain Chambers
          speaking... Welcome aboard Pacific
          Wings, Flight 89, flying non-stop
          to Los Angeles...
                                                         16.


A SERIES OF MOMENTS

-- The plane merging onto the runway.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O.
          ... We'll be cruising at an
          altitude of 35 thousand feet...

-- Picking up land speed pre-takeoff.

-- Kate lowers the flight attendant seat next to the galley
and straps herself in.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O. (CONT'D)
          ... We have a forecast of clear
          skies ahead, so we're not expecting
          too many air pockets.

-- A hand white-knuckles an armrest. Pam tries to smile and
breathe through it.

-- Harold clasps her palm in a comforting squeeze. She
relaxes a tad upon his touch.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O. (CONT'D)
          However as a safety precaution, I
          request you keep seatbelts fastened
          at all times...

-- The students become more agitated as take off approaches.
Luis is also very nervous.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O. (CONT'D)
          ... I hope you have a pleasant
          flight and, on behalf of the entire
          crew, I want to thank you for
          choosing Pacific Wings.

-- The jet engines roar outside- The plane speeds down the
runway.

-- The belly of the plane lifting off right above us. Soaring
majestically... Above the ocean.

--The vibrations stop as the plane lifts up into the air.

On Kate’s close-up, a ray of sunlight pans across her face.
Even though it’s against the rules, she takes out her phone
to look at-

A picture of her daughter smiling on her father’s shoulders.

                                                  CUT TO:
                                                        17.


EXT. AIR - DAY

The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner flies above an ocean of clouds.


INT. ECONOMY CLASS - DAY - MOMENTS LATER

Kate pushes her cart down the aisle. Time for drinks.

She stops in front of Mom and her daughters who are face
planted in their screens. The smallest one is writing in a
notebook in the same time.

                    KATE
          What can I get you ladies?

                    LITTLE GIRL
          Coke!

                    BIG SISTER
          I’ll have a 7UP.

                    LITTLE GIRL
          I love planes cause we can get
          whatever we want.

                    KATE
          How old are you?

                    LITTLE GIRL
          I’m 8 and half. And she’s 12.

                    KATE
          And what are you writing in your
          book, if I may ask?

                    LITTLE GIRL
          I’m making a list of all the rides
          we’re gonna do at Disneyland.

                    KATE
          Oh, that’s great. I want to take my
          little girl too. What’s the best
          one?

                    LITTLE GIRL
          Definitely Splash Mountain!

Kate smiles and gives them their drinks.

                    KATE
          Noted.

Kate turns to the man sitting on the other side.
                                                        18.


                    KATE (CONT'D)
          What will it be, sir?

                    OLDER MAN
          An orange juice please. No ice.

Kate sees that he’s still holding on to his backpack on his
lap.

                    KATE
          Sir, do you want me to put your bag
          in the overhead compartment?

                    OLDER MAN
          Can I please just keep it?

                       KATE
          Of course.


FURTHER DOWN THE AISLE

Trisha zaps through the channels desperately looking for
something she might like to watch when Kate arrives with her
cart- She removes her headset-

                    TRISHA
          I’ll have a beer please.

Kate stops for a second- Is she serious?

                    TRISHA (CONT'D)
          If it wasn’t for this stupid
          uniform, you wouldn’t be looking at
          me like that.

                    KATE
          Nice try, kiddo.

                    TRISHA
          I’ll have Cranberry with Soda
          water, please.

Kate serves her and continues down the aisle-

                                                  CUT TO:

Yoji is glued to the head rest TV in front of him showing a
view of the outside camera on the wing.

Hypnotized by the video feed, Yoji’s ball cap is stolen from
behind by a laughing Francisco and thrown to the back.

The hat lands on Trisha who immediately throws it behind her.
                                                        19.


Luis puts his table up and stands. He walks to the bulkhead.
Catches the traveling hat and lands it back on Yoji’s head.

He continues walking, passes Jason and Ashley who lean into
each other reading their palms. Luis finds it amusing.


INT. GALLEY - DAY - CONTINUOUS

Kate transfers the hot trays from the conveyer oven to her
cart.

Luis steps past the curtain and comes face to face with Kate.

                    LUIS
          Sorry. I didn’t mean to disturb
          you.

                    KATE
          Not at all. I’m just about done.
          What can I do for you, sir?

                    LUIS
          Can I have another glass of water.
          I forgot to take my pills.

                    KATE
          Of course. Let me get that for you.

She notices the high school logo on his shirt.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Jefferson High School.

                    LUIS
              (surprised)
          You know it?

                    KATE
          I grew up in Salinas. I went to
          Liberty High but I know Jefferson.
          We played there.

                    LUIS
          Wow, you were in the orchestra?

                    KATE
          Orchestra? No, I played volleyball
          in high school.

                    LUIS
          Oh. I see. What a coincidence.

Followed by an awkward silence.
                                                        20.


                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          The crazy thing is that I spilled
          coffee on my shirt at breakfast and
          this is the only thing I had to
          wear. Everything happens for a
          reason...

The cup of water has been ready for a while, but he
completely forgot about it.

                    KATE
          Your water.

                    LUIS
          Oh yes. Thank you...

He pops two pills into his mouth and chases them with water.

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          Diabetic. But you know, insulin
          shots on the plane. Not the best.

                      KATE
          I’m sure.

                    LUIS
          I’ll let you get back to it. It was
          nice meeting you.
              (reading her name tag)
          Kate... I’m Luis by the way.

                      KATE
          Pleasure.

Luis would love to hang around and chat, but -

The bathroom door opens revealing Francisco-

                      FRANCISCO
          Sorry!

Having heard some of their conversation he tries to change
the subject.

                    FRANCISCO (CONT'D)
          Smells like a TV dinner. My
          favorite.

Having caught another smell entirely, Luis closes the toilet
door.

                    FRANCISCO (CONT'D)
          Bon appetit!
                                                           21.


                    LUIS
          Thank you, Francisco.

Total mood killer. Not really the time to ask for her number.
Luis waves and points to his seat. Time to go.

Kate smiles finding humor in the situation and his
clumsiness.


BUSINESS CLASS -

Gary enjoys his upgrade by splurging on all the fancy food
and wine while playing blackjack on his screen. He rude-grabs
a stewardess’ hand to ask for another drink, showing his
empty glass.


EXT. SKY - PREDAWN

The dulcet hum of dual engines as the Dreamliner cruises at
35k feet.

A calm blue ocean shimmering beneath. A vast expanse that
dwarfs everything.

Super: Flight time: 6 hours, 35 minutes


INT. ECONOMY CLASS - DAY

Kids run down the aisle. NAMRATA, another female flight
attendant does a round with the drink cart.

She stops to take a photo for THE HONEYMOONERS, the pair
posing with wine glasses.

Nearby, a bored Omar stares at his TV, nothing better to
watch than the flight tracker - the plane almost halfway
between Sydney and LA.


MEANWHILE IN THE GALLEY    -

                    AXEL
          I’m taking my break. Are you done?

                    KATE
          Yeah, but go ahead. I’ll take mine
          later.

Axel walks away... Kate finishes cleaning her area when-

AIR TURBULENCE ALMOST MAKES HER LOSE HER BALANCE.
                                                        22.


The captain’s voice comes over the PA-

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O.
          Ladies and gentlemen, as you can
          tell we’re going through a
          turbulence zone, so I’m going to
          ask everyone to remain in their
          seat with their seat belt fastened.

Axel is coming back-

                    AXEL
          You’ll notice it always happens
          during my break.

Another tremor shakes the cabin but this seasoned crew is not
the least bit bothered.

As the plane shudders with fresh pangs of turbulence-

Kate goes to check on the passengers. She bumps into Dawn-
Marie. Another jolt rocks the cabin- sharp gasps all around--

                    DAWN-MARIE
          It’s okay, folks... We’ll be on the
          other side of this in no time.

Kate moves through the aisle making sure everyone’s seatbelts
are fastened.

Further away, Kate nudges a passenger smothered in blankets.

                    KATE
          Miss, please fasten your seatbelt
          and raise your seat back.

Trisha wakes up in a daze. She buckles and goes under the
blankets to sleep.

LUIS tries to reassure his pupils but he’s the one clinging
to his seat.

                    LUIS
          Turbulence is normal on a plane.

THE PLANE SHAKES VIOLENTLY scaring them even more...

The force sends Kate to the ground...

At the same time, Namrata, the stewardess, slams her head
into a cart.

From underneath the seats, Kate sees her colleague’s face hit
the floor, unconscious.
                                                           23.


A passenger wants to help the stewardess.

                    KATE
          Sir, stay in your seat, please.

Kate runs through the aisle to come help the wounded flight
attendant.

Namrata is not responding. Blood runs on the side of her
head.

MORE SHAKING! THE PLANE RATTLING ALONG WITH A CONSTANT
RUMBLE.

Kate spots an empty seat a couple rows behind and drags her
colleague to it.

Namrata is slowly regaining consciousness. Kate hands her a
folded towel-

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Just put that on your head to stop
          the...

She can’t finish her sentence-

The plane pitches forward into a SCREECHING NOSEDIVE--

Passengers shrieking at the top of their lungs while--

KATE SLAMS AGAINST THE CABIN CEILING!

She tumbles upside down between the overhead compartments.

Falls back before being flung down the aisle even further,
pinwheeling ass over teakettle--

--desperately grasping at anything for purchase, mad swipes
missing everything as she hurtles towards a bulkhead--

About to get slammed into it when--

--a hand swings out and latches onto her forearm like a vine--

It’s Dawn-Marie.


INT. COCKPIT - DAY

Captain Chambers fights ruthless physics laws to bring the
plane back up.
                                                           24.


WITH KATE -

Her muscles rippling with exertion, fighting gravity, as Dawn-
Marie strains to pull her into the adjacent jump seat.

Kate managing to hook her arms into the shoulder-strap
seatbelts- TREMBLING- fumbling with the latches- about to get
dumped out but-- clicking herself in the nick of time.

OMAR..

HAROLD AND PAM...

MOMMY AND HER DAUGHTERS...

LUIS AND HIS STUDENTS...

ALL PLUMMET INTO AN AIR POCKET WHICH FEELS MORE LIKE A FREE
FALL. HEARTS LEAP INTO THEIR MOUTHS. SCREAMS!!

A big impact follows once the plane finally grabs some solid
air and-

Overhead compartments fly open sending bags and suitcases in
every direction.

Hundreds of loose items pitch forward and funnel, smashing
into people-

THE HONEYMOONERS - Screaming together. Their terror-slammed
eyes staring outside through a window at the engine of the
plane.

GARY - Puking his dinner over the business class seat.

Another violent shock! The plane stabilizes but the tremors
continue.

Kate steels herself against this waking nightmare.

As she meets eyes across the way with Dawn-Marie, she
realizes --

Not even the most senior crew member remembers such intense
turbulence.

                    DAWN-MARIE
          It’s gonna be fine... You’re gonna
          see your baby girl.

The humming of the jet engines quiets down.

The jolting persists, but it’s nothing like they’ve just
felt.
                                                           25.


The aircraft seems to be pulling through the disturbance
zone.

A general sense of relief fills the air. The passengers
regain their composure. Some even manage to smile.

Calm is restored. It’s unearthly peaceful, almost dreamlike.

Too calm perhaps. Kate has a bad premonition.

As she listens closely, she can no longer hear the engines.

                    KATE
          Did the engine just stop?

The intercom rings, Dawn-Marie answers. Blood drains from her
face.

                    DAWN-MARIE
          Yes, Captain.
              (she hangs up)
          All crew members, prepare for
          ditching.

Ditching? The crew members exchange gazes- paralyzed. They
have never been in this situation before.

Dawn Marie prepares the bright yellow raft kit. On the other
side, Axel does the same.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS (V.O.)
          Ladies and gentlemen, due to a
          technical malfunction, we will have
          to perform an emergency water
          landing. Please pay close attention
          to the crew and their safety
          instructions during our descent and
          evacuation...

                    GARY
          Evacuation?

The passengers are dazed. The plane seems to be flying
smoothly. It’s filled with an eerie silence.

                    FRANCISCO
          Landing? We’re in the middle of the
          Pacific.

                    YOJI
          I’m sure he’s talking about an
          island. Like Hawaii or something.
                                                        26.


                    FRANCISCO
          He said water landing, butthole. He
          didn’t say island landing.

                    MCKENZIE
              (sobbing uncontrollably)
          Oh my god. It’s all over. I’ll
          never see my little brother or my
          parents again.

                    LUIS
          Listen to me, I swear to you you’ll
          see them again, ok?

Luis tries to overcome his own fear and reassure his
students.

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          All of you, listen. We’re gonna be
          fine. We’re gonna land on the water
          just like that plane in New-York,
          remember? And we’re gonna get
          rescued, ok?

McKenzie swallows her tears. The other students are not fully
convinced.

                    DAWN-MARIE V.O.
          All passengers: please put up your
          seats and your tray tables. Make
          sure your seatbelts are securely
          fastened. Under your seat, you will
          find a life vest. It is prohibited
          to inflate your life vest before
          exiting the plane. I will repeat,
          put on your life vest but do not
          pull the inflating string until you
          have exited the plane. This could
          seriously hinder our evacuation.

Overseen by the cabin crew, the passengers reach under their
seats for the life vests and slip them on.

Kate walks up the aisle to make sure everyone is following
the instructions. Stops to help when necessary. Trying to
reassure the most anxious ones.

Her hands trembling, the Mom slips them over her children’s
heads.

                    LITTLE GIRL
          What is happening, Mom? Is there a
          problem with the plane?
                                                           27.


                    MOM
          Honey, we’re going to land on the
          water so you’re gonna have to be
          very brave and do as you’re told,
          okay?

                    LITTLE GIRL
          Just like Splash Mountain?

                    MOM
          Yes, honey. Just like that.

Her big sister understands the danger and looks super
worried.

Across the aisle, the older man, still holding his backpack
on his lap, doesn’t seem to be worried as he’s putting his
life vest on. He smiles at the big sister peacefully. For an
instant the girl feels reassured.

Kate puts her life vest on. Sits back.


INT. COCKPIT - DAY

Hydraulic pressure tanks go to zero. Lights and buzzers going
off.

Captain Chambers, under intense pressure, holds the yoke
firmly using all of his arm strength.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS
          MAYDAY MAYDAY MAYDAY! We have lost
          both engines and hydraulics..

Beyond the windshield the ocean extends indefinitely.

Chambers keeps his eye on the gauges- The anemometer...
artificial horizon... the altimeter.

His first officer counts down the gauges out-loud doing her
best to stay calm and professional.

                    FIRST OFFICER
          Dumping all the fuel left.

The closer they get to the water, the higher the tension
rises.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS
              (in his mic)
          Hang on tight, everyone!
                                                        28.


BACK IN THE MAIN CABIN

Terror spreads over the plane.

But for the cabin crew, years of training kick in, and all at
once, ALL OVER THE PLANE, they begin chanting --

                    KATE
          Brace! Brace! Head down! Hold your
          knees! Brace! Brace! Head down!
          Hold your knees!

                    KATE & AXEL
          Brace! Brace! Head down! Hold your
          knees!

                    KATE & AXEL & DAWN-MARIE
          Brace! Brace! Head down! Hold your
          knees!

Some of the passengers bend over their seats crying... others
pray. Holding hands across the aisle.

Some fumbling with phones, trying to get service, send out
one last desperate message.

Kate continues repeating the instructions when she sees Mom
and her daughters. The mother looks into her daughters’ eyes.

                    MOM
          You know how much I love you both.

It’s heartbreaking.


BACK OF THE PLANE -

Music students continue crying and whimpering. The endless
Pacific Ocean rushing past the window...

                    OMAR
          We’re gonna land soon...

                    LISA
          Lord Jesus, it’s my first time ever
          praying, but please let us survive
          this.

                    CAPTAIN CHAMBERS V.O.
          Passengers, brace for impact!

A look of terror on Lisa’s face.
                                                           29.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

As the Boeing 787 is going to ditch. The plane loses wing
balance. The tip of the right wing goes down and grazes the
water.

If it catches it at that speed, the aircraft will simply
disintegrate.


IN COCKPIT -

Chambers realizes the wings are not leveled and manages to
pull the plane back up in the air for a very short moment.
Just enough to bring the horizontal balance straight.


WITH KATE -

Her face creased with abject dread, still chanting...

                      KATE
            Bend over, stay down!   Brace!   BRA--

COCKPIT -

The seasoned pilot aims now to land on the choppy water line -

THE NOSE STRIKES DOWN! THE IMPACT IS VIOLENT.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The fuselage creates two giant foam waves on both sides of
the plane.


INT. ECONOMY CLASS - DAY

The drop-down oxygen masks are released upon impact.

The cabin rocks like a jackhammer. Metal bends close to
breaking with every bounce.

Bracing passengers. Screaming. Waiting... anticipating the
plane to break at any moment.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The Boeing 787 continues sliding across the water surface at
breakneck speeds...

Cutting through the waves. Bobbing in and out.
                                                           30.


INT. ECONOMY CLASS - DAY

The plane is slowing down. Some passengers open their eyes,
looking at each other in disbelief.


COCKPIT-

Captain Chambers focuses on keeping the plane level as it’s
losing speed.

Just a little longer but-


OUSTIDE THE PLANE-

One of the engines tears off from the wing, forcing water
pressure on the other wing to turn the aircraft sharply 90
degrees and-

THE PLANE PROPELS BACK UP IN THE AIR!


INSIDE THE PLANE-

Madness ensues.   Everything happens at once--

A deafening smash of metal against ocean, overtaken by--

THE ROAR OF FRICTION FORCES-- gnashing like a hurricane in
your middle ear-- drowning out a chorus of blood-curdling
cries--

Passengers shook like ragdolls-- heads crashing into the back
of seats--

-the groan of metal heralds the fracture of fiberglass-

-the wall splitting open right next to Kate & Dawn-Marie's
heads- the noise like thunder as-

THE ENTIRE PLANE SNAPS IN HALF

Splitting open like a coconut. The two pieces hanging by
threads, jackknifing like a semi-trailer over the ocean--

Kate at the coalface of the rupture-- staring wide-eyed out
the gaping maw that looks over open water as her half of the
plane breaks off, flung in a wide sweeping arc--

Entire rows of passengers tossed out into the depths, still
strapped to their seats, doomed--

--Kate abruptly dunked underwater-
                                                           31.


--her jump seat -- and Dawn-Marie's next to her -- the whole
row -- gets uprooted from its moorings and-

EJECTED OUT OF THE PLANE


UNDERWATER

...sinking, sinking...

Kate has managed to hold her breath.

Dawn-Marie hasn't.

She struggles, then spasms...

...and drowns...

Right before Kate's eyes. The sight hitting her hard.   Her
chin quivers, bubbles escaping.

Fighting to hold her breath.

Silent memories flash in her mind-

Her seven year old daughter holding her hand, running...

Kate is still sinking.

Fatally strapped to the seating structure, like a stone
around her neck...

Juliette on her father’s shoulders fighting over cotton
candy. Laughing.

Kate furiously fumbling for her belt buckle...

...Debris and bodies bombing down around her...

In the rear view mirror, Juliette falling asleep in the back
seat as they are driving home by night...

Kate’s fingers blindly groping at the latch, desperate to
find purchase-- finding it and--

Unlatching herself...

The seating structure releasing her from its death grip.

Dawn-Marie's body sinking into the void with eyes wide open--
A BRIGHT-YELLOW UNOPENED RAFT KIT CLUTCHED IN HER ARMS--

Kate, stricken, prying her gaze away to swim for the top...
shooting upwards-
                                                          32.


--she's yanked to an abrupt stop-- dragged down again-- what
the fuck-- she looks back-- and her eyes gape at--

Her life vest. Snagged on a piece of loose seatbelt cord--

She madly kicks at it, face creased with resolve...

Not gonna die like this.

She removes it from her neck. Her lungs ready to burst; she
grimaces with fading exertion--

But then-

About to drown, she remembers something!

Swims down instead of upward, to reach Dawn-Marie who just
landed on the sandy bottom of the ocean.

Grabs the raft kit from her and-

Pulls the cord on the side-- FFFOOOOSH!    CO2-fueled inflation-

The sudden surge of buoyancy rips her off-- and she shoots up
like a champagne cork-- releasing all the air in her lungs
with a singular defiant roar and--

BREAKING THE SURFACE, holding like dear life to the yellow
inflated raft.

Gasping an almighty lungful of air, both sweet relief and
terror gripping her face as she thrashes around in the middle
of-


THE PACIFIC FUCKING OCEAN

A rush of discordant noises invades our soundscape. Kate
panting hell-for-leather, spinning in circles, taking in the
scale of devastation-

Dozens of passengers in life jackets bobbing up and down,
most dead, some alive, all at the mercy of the swells...

The once-pristine ocean now strewn with a farrago of airplane
parts and luggage.

Kate vomits out sea water.   Awash in disarray.

Flaming hunks of debris burn out of control.   A doll melts
under flames, its glass eyes falling out.

Steadying herself, she cups her hands around her mouth --
                                                         33.


                    KATE
          Ev-Everybody! Over here! To the
          raft... Over here!!

Gradually people start to notice her--

About a hundred yards away, THE BACK HALF OF THE PLANE (from
the wing to the tail), sticks out of the water, slowly
sinking--


INT. GALLEY / ECONOMY CLASS - DAY

A lot of unconscious or dead passengers remained in their
seats while the survivors are still trying to figure out what
just happened to them.

Blood gushing from a head wound, Axel makes it to the cabin
door as the water is rising fast.

                    AXEL
          Everyone stand up, we have to
          evacuate. Leave all of your
          belongings. Take nothing with you.

Despite his injuries, the flight attendant knows the exact
procedure to follow. Removes the survival kit next to the
door and, twisting the lever, disengages the locks to release
the EVACUATION SLIDE which inflates instantly.

Same thing on the other side with another crew member.

They both attach the survival kits to the slide using large
carabiners.

The slides are ready-

So are the passengers who start pushing each other to exit
this hellhole. A lot of bruises, cuts, bloodied faces...
Those in the back harass those in front to move quicker.
Others get in fights.

Luis, keeping a close eye on his students.

                    LUIS
          Only open your vests once you are
          outside!

In the chaos, Axel notices that the emergency door leading
directly to the wing is still closed.

                    AXEL
          You, over there, open the emergency
          door!
                                                          34.


Luis turns to the door on the wing and jumps into action.

                    AXEL (CONT'D)
          Pull the handle to release the
          safety raft!

                     LUIS
          Got it!

The water keeps rising, reaching their waist.

The Mom lifts her little girl out of the water and prepares
to enter the slide with her older daughter in tow.

On both sides of the plane, the few surviving passengers fill
up the slides which will soon be rafts.

Still, there are more passengers in the plane becoming
increasingly nervous and impatient.

Luis open the emergency door allowing those stuck to exit
along the wing.

Lisa and Omar try to remain calm but the water is coming up
fast making it even harder to move.


BACK WITH KATE-

Holding a line connected to the raft, Kate encourages the
survivors to swim to the life boat...

Kate could cry, but bottles up her pain. There’s more people
to save...

She swims away from the raft in search for other survivors-

A severely-burnt woman floats by in a life jacket. Kate grits
her teeth and swims for the lady-

Dead.

Kate spots a few people with no life jackets, desperately
treading water...

She looks back at the dead woman-

                     KATE
          Sorry...

Starts unstrapping the woman's vest. As the woman sinks
without a trace Kate turns away and-
                                                        35.


                       KATE (CONT'D)
          HEY!

Waves her arms. Trying to draw the attention of two people
who're struggling to stay afloat about twenty yards away --

But they don't notice; the ocean's too loud.

                       KATE (CONT'D)
          C'mon!

She remembers the whistle on the life jacket -- BLOWS IT --

The couple looks back.

A cresting wave wipes them from view, but once it dips we
realize it's Harold and Pam.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Put this on!

She cries out in exertion and hurls the life jacket as far as
she can. It lands a few yards away from the pair.

                       KATE (CONT'D)
          Put it on!     One of you...

Harold looping the vest over Pam's head--

                    PAM
          No, you wear it--


             PAM (CONT'D)                     HAROLD
You're injured--                  I'm-- no, I'm fine.

Insistent, he secures it around her body.

                    PAM (CONT'D)
          Hold--
              (teeth chattering)
          Don't let- Hold onto me.       Don't let
          go. Not this time.


ON THE WING-

Luis helps with the evacuation but nobody is listening to
him. Overwhelmed, he fails to keep passengers from jumping in
the safety raft prematurely...

                    LUIS
          Hey! Hey! Wait. One person at a
          time.
                                                         36.


Further away, BEHIND THE WING -

The slide/raft contains over fifty passengers reaching its
full capacity.

Using a knife, the flight attendant in charge cuts the slide
away from the plane allowing them to float on their own...

Then, he tosses a floatable anchor which looks like A SMALL
PARACHUTE- completing his task. He’s done all he can do.


INT. ECONOMY CLASS - DAY

Inside the plane, the water level rises and fills the
aircraft with incredible speed-

Omar, Lisa and two of her friends are stuck towards the back
of the plane.

Outside, the windows resemble an aquarium now.

Suddenly, A LONG DARK SHAPE slides along the fuselage.

Omar can’t believe his eyes. But it is real- Six or nine feet
real-

                     OMAR
              (to himself)
          A shark...

Lisa did not see it but heard him.

                    LISA
          What?

Omar realizes that he must warn those outside.

                    OMAR
          THERE’S A SHARK! WATCH OUT! THERE’S
          A SHARK IN THE WATER!!


ON THE SLIDE STILL ATTACHED-

Axel is the last person to board when he hears the screams.
He turns towards the plane to see Omar banging on the window.

What does he want and why is he pointing to the water?

The flight attendant turns to the ocean when he spots it-

A FIN appearing on the surface.
                                                            37.


Then a second! And a third! In fact they’re everywhere!

                    AXEL
          My god!

Dozens of fins surrounding the broken plane!!

                    AXEL (CONT'D)
          SHAAAARKS!!

Kate hears him and spots a passenger who swims frantically to
the raft when a shark drags him down! The passenger
disappears only to resurface in a pool of blood, screaming
for his life!

Everyone onboard watches in horror.

The poor man is being devoured under their very eyes- It’s
unbearable.

Kate swims away as fast as possible--

Finding a piece of carbon fiber debris-- a makeshift raft big
enough for five people.

She tries to push herself up onto it-- winces-- sharp pain
shooting through her-- Revealing A NASTY CUT behind her arm.

Swimming survivors try to climb over the fuselage of the
sinking plane, fighting, drowning each other-


INSIDE THE PLANE-

Seen through the windows, the screaming faces of the
survivors outside are pleading for help as the sharks attack
them.

The cabin is now three quarters filled and leaning to one
side. Omar, Lisa and the two other girls stand on the seats
to keep their heads above water...

Bags, clothing, seats, and meal trays float along the
surface.

They struggle to get to the door.   They have to hurry or
they’ll drown.

Turning to Omar, Lisa sees Namrata, the flight attendant
still strapped in her seat. She’s regaining consciousness.

                    LISA
          Someone’s over there.
                                                        38.


                     OMAR
           Keep going. I’ll get her...

Omar swims his way to the back of the plane.

The girls get to the emergency door just as a SHARK MAKES ITS
WAY IN!

They scream and back up immediately but the animal is faster.
Its fin moving past the floating debris.

Lisa tries to swim away. She turns around to check on her two
classmates. The girls have simply disappeared.


OUTSIDE-

Those that are in the water fight to get back on the wing,
but those on the wing try to preserve their own spaces, when
suddenly-

They hear a horrible moaning sound and-

THE WING BREAKS AWAY FROM THE FUSELAGE! Sending the rest of
the plane towards the bottom.

The wing tips over and everyone FALLS INTO THE WATER!

From above we can see-

LARGER SHAPES GLIDING BENEATH THE PASSENGERS.

The passengers kick, trying to fend off the sharks coming
from all directions... It’s futile.

It’s a murder frenzy. Human chew toys.

                     KATE
           Oh my god!!

She hears Axel screaming, turns-

As it starts sinking, the back of the plane is pulling Axel’s
slide down with it- The flight attendant didn’t have time to
cut the line!

The slide tilts higher and higher...

The passengers hang on for dear life. When one falls, they
take a few others along into the water.

The slide tips until it’s vertical to the water... It’s the
inflatable version of Titanic!
                                                           39.


The fifty passengers slide towards the sharks’ open jaws-

Among them Axel, a bunch of teens, and-

Mom and her two daughters. The little girl will never return
to Splash Mountain. This was their last ride...

Kate is in shock but-

The Mom suddenly re-emerges from the whirlpool of blood,
holding her two daughters. Alive. Fighting with all her
remaining strength to swim away from the massacre.

Kate can’t just be a witness. Using both of her hands she
paddles as fast as possible towards the mother in distress.

Gets a little closer with her makeshift raft.

The mom sees her and pushes her kids as far as possible from
the danger-

                    MOM
              (screaming)
          My dau... My daughters... Ta...
          Take them, please...

The little girl refuses to let go of her mother when A SHARK
LUNGES in a violent attack! A great white shark-- its mouth
jutting out of its skull to bare gums lined with 3000 teeth!

Kate the grabs the sisters away just in time as their mother
is pulled under violently.

Two sharks end up scrapping with each other, the mother
thrown by the wayside, clouted by a thrashing tail...

The third shark arrives- goes for her thighs--

Chomping down.

                    MOM (CONT'D)
          AAAAAAARRGH!

Arms flailing, legs inside the shark.

The fourth shark's jaws clamping onto her vest, crushing her
lungs-- Mom spitting up blood...

                    KATE
          Don't look, don't look...

Shielding the daughters' eyes, tears fleeing down their
faces, as Kate manages to get them on the makeshift raft.
                                                          40.


BY THE WING -

Luis sees Yoji struggling to stay afloat. His vest is torn
and he cannot swim.

Pulls him on the rescue boat, revealing his badly injured
leg.

Luis does this over and over again trying to save as many
passengers as he can... Including Gary who’s not an easy one
to fish out of the water.


FURTHER AWAY-

Jason looks for his girlfriend Ashley. He can’t find her but
sees that Trisha is distressed. Another passenger uses her as
a floaty and she’s sucking in water.

Jason approaches and punches the other passenger square in
the face to save Trisha from drowning.

                    JASON
          Jonah! Francisco! Help me!

They join in trying to lift Trisha and Jason up, when-

                    ASHLEY (O.S.)
          Jason!! Jason!

Among the screams, Jason hears Ashley’s voice in the
distance...

                      JASON
          Ashley?!!

Without hesitation, the young hero pushes off into the shark
infested water to save his love... Obviously, he’s an amazing
swimmer.

The back of the plane is now almost submerged.

A few passengers are holding on the metal fin of the plane
but it keeps going under and the sharks’ fins get closer and
closer around them...


INSIDE THE SINKING PLANE-

Lisa wraps her arms around Omar who is also holding the
Namrata in a cross chest lifeguard carry.
                                                          41.


                       OMAR
             Stop moving. Don’t move. No
             splashing...

But Lisa is already petrified - Two more sharks just entered
the fuselage from another emergency exit...

There’s only a thin air pocket left at the very top of the
cabin. They stand on the elbow rests under water, trying to
maintain their balance.

Omar and Lisa are trapped- Only their faces stick out of the
surface.

Suddenly, unconscious Namrata gets yanked down a bit. Omar
resists, holding her tight but she is violently pulled out of
his arms.

Omar takes this moment to flee with Lisa.

                          OMAR (CONT'D)
             Come on...

Behind them, the three sharks tear the attendant apart.

With the last pocket of air disappearing, Omar and Lisa take
deep breathes and dive under.


UNDERWATER

Using the seats, Lisa and Omar pull themselves towards the
exit.

They’re almost there, when-

A shark swims right in front of them!

Omar pulls Lisa behind a row of seats.

The shark is too thick to reach them.

It tries several times to bite them, but the seats hold it
back.

They are running out of breath -

Omar grabs the drop-down oxygen masks that are floating above
them. Cuts off a mask and tries to breathe through the tube
directly.

It works but not enough air is coming. He grabs another one,
does the same and starts breathing from both tubes. Then
gives them to Lisa. They go back and forth.
                                                           42.


After a moment that seems to last an eternity, the shark
moves on. The coast is clear.

Omar and Lisa take a last hit of O2 and swim to the exit-


ON KATE’S RAFT-

The two little girls are catatonic. The youngest one holding
tight on Kate.

She hears someone calling her name. She turns around and
spots in the distance-

One of the flight attendants, waving both arms from the other
slide/raft full of survivors-

Kate waves back, relieved to find someone who could help but-


ABOARD THE FLOATING SLIDE-

The other group notices that the raft they are on is starting
to pivot on itself!

No one understands what is happening now...

Suddenly the parachute anchor tightens as if caught by a
torpedo and pulls the entire raft-

The flight attendant loses balance and falls into the water!

The other passengers look on terrified.

The raft gains speed and gets further from the wrecked
aircraft.

Then, the rope heads down into the depths...

The front of the raft is pulled down and water rushes
inside...

The passengers panic and scream as-

The entire life boat is submerged like a submarine.

The fifty passengers disappear instantly beneath the surface.

... Then they suddenly pop up like fishing corks, saved by
their life vests.

They turn to each other dazed and terrified.

The flattened raft resurfaces also.
                                                         43.


Then, it spins and heads back towards the floating
passengers. Whatever is pulling the raft is coming straight
for them...

At full speed...

READY TO STRIKE!

Kate watches helplessly. Sees them vanishing.

She looks around, no other flight attendant among the
survivors.

Kate is the only one left. She starts paddling to get closer
to the wing and the other raft.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

Lisa and Omar emerge from the water gasping for air!!

They’ve made it out, but what they discover outside is
petrifying-

IT’S A REAL-LIFE CARNAGE- A FLOATING SLAUGHTERHOUSE.

Blood and body parts float all around them.

Omar scans over the water. The sharks seem to be gone. He
spots a raft a few yards away and swims with Lisa in its
direction.

She sees the HONEYMOONER, holding onto his wife... who’s
clearly dead, half of her body missing. Both garbed in life
vests.

                    HONEYMOONER
              (babbling in denial)
          It’s okay- you’re gonna be okay...

Omar and Lisa climb in helped by Francesco.

On the other side, Harold helps Kate and the two little girls
to join in. Pam helps with the girls still in shock.

Only two rafts remain along with A FLOATING WING strong
enough to hold many passengers. The rest of the aircraft has
disappeared.

Kate is now counting the survivors-

                    KATE
          ...21
                                                          44.


Out of 218 passengers and 9 flying crew members...

All looking dazed, bloodied, shocked, and confused.

Luis looks for missing students.

                          LUIS
             Samuel?!

No answer.

                          LUIS (CONT'D)
             Megan?!

No answer.

                          LUIS (CONT'D)
             McKenzie?!

She’s nowhere to be found, but her life size Koala bear
floats amongst the debris.

Luis turns to her BFF, Linh, sitting next to him.

                       LUIS (CONT'D)
             Linh? Have you seen McKenzie?

Linh bursts into tears, struggling to find the words-

                       LINH
             She... She was beheaded during the
             crash...

Luis is overwhelmed with sadness and guilt.

The honeymooner still clinging to his dead wife's body.

The older man (the one who was sitting next to the mom and
daughters), notices the young man's dead wife slumped in his
bear grip. He approaches.

                       OLDER MAN
             What’s your name, son?

The honeymooner is confused.

                          HONEYMOONER
             ...Paul.

                       OLDER MAN
             I’m Brent. Paul. I know what it's
             like.
                                                         45.


                    PAUL
          ...Kno- Know what? What're you
          talking about?!

As Paul, the honeymooner weeps uncontrollably, Brent, the
older man nods with tact, opting not to pick at the wound.

Kate tries to not think about those who are gone. She has to
help those who’ve survived.

Yoji is in the worst shape of all. He’s in utter agony as
blood drains out of his body.

His leg has been shredded and his calf is completely gone.

Kate crouches next to him unsure what to do. She’s scared to
even touch his wound.

                    KATE
          We have to stop the bleeding.

She looks around and turns to Axel’s deflated raft.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          I need a first aid kit.

Harold removes his shirt and his belt. He places the shirt
over Yoji’s bite and wraps his belt around the boy’s leg
tightening it as hard as he can.

                    HAROLD
          What we need is a doctor.

                    KATE
              (screaming)
          ARE ANY OF YOU DOCTORS? WE HAVE A
          SEVERE INJURY HERE.


ON THE OTHER RAFT

Omar, sitting next to Lisa, hears Kate and raises his hand.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

A line flies from one raft to the other.

Gary sweats as he pulls the line with other passengers
bringing the two vessels together.

Omar jumps over the survivors and into the next raft.
                                                        46.


Seeing Yoji’s condition, Omar looks helpless.

                    GARY
          Are you a freaking doctor or not?

                    OMAR
          What do you want me to do?

He comes closer to the wound. His face says it all.

                     OMAR (CONT'D)
          He needs antiseptics, pain
          killers...

Again, Kate’s gaze turns to the flat slide/raft. She turns to
Jason on the floating wing.

                    KATE
          Hey!! You! Do you think you can
          reach the survival kit in the raft?

Jason walks to the end of the wing until it starts to sink
and he backs off.

The wing shifts and he slides...

                      JASON
          I can’t!!

                      KATE
          Shit!

Kate thinks...

She takes the line connecting the two rafts and coils it up
between her hand and her elbow.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Catch this!

She throws the rope and he catches it.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Hold on tight and we’ll reel you
          in.

Jason and Ashley pull as hard as they can bringing the wing
and the rafts together.

Kate jumps on the wing and runs to the end...
                                                           47.


                    KATE (CONT'D)
              (to Jason)
          Stay on that end... as a counter
          weight.

With her on one end, and Jason on the other, the wing is
stable.

Kate lays down to reach as far as she can...

She needs a few more inches to get hold of the deflated
raft...

Luis secures her ankles and she finally reaches the
slide/raft!

                                                  CUT TO:

They unhook the carabiner. The survival kit is placed on the
wing.

Kate and Luis empty its contents.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Here! Antiseptics, pain killers...

Omar nods and leans in to give one to Yoji. The teen is
semiconscious.

                    GARY
          He’s gonna need more than that.

Kate scowls at Gary. She has no time to argue and grabs an
orange pouch from the survival kit.

                    PAM
              (reassuringly)
          Rescuers will come.

                    GARY
          When will that be? Do they even
          know where we are?

Pam looks at her cell phone--

                    GARY (CONT'D)
          You have a phone! Can you call
          somebody?

                    PAM
              (scoffs)
          Call somebody? If I could get even
          half a bar, I’d call everybody!
                                                        48.


Kate opens the pouch revealing an electronic device.

                    PAM (CONT'D)
          What is it?

                    KATE
          An emergency beacon...

She activates it.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          That’s IF they figure out where the
          plane went down. And that’s, I’m
          being real here, that’s a big if...
          It could take days.

She lets this grim reality sink in. Everybody stays silent,
confronting their own mortality.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. OCEAN - DAY - LATER

Between the water landing, the evacuation, the shark attack,
and now the waves and beating sun, the passengers are in bad
shape.

Weak and dehydrated, some close their eyes to rest.

Paul, the honeymooner, is still holding on to his dead bride.
Ignoring the bothered and uncomfortable looks around him.

Omar finishes bandaging Kate’s arm.

Trisha looks into the water. Worried about another attack.

                    JASON
          They’ll come back... at nightfall.

Jason’s observation is met with skepticism.

                    LUIS
          You think so?

                    GARY
              (unnerved)
          Yeah, how could you possibly know a
          thing like that?

                    JASON
          I surf everyday and everyone knows
          that sharks appear at dusk. That’s
          also the best time for waves.
                                                        49.


                    HAROLD
          If the kid is right, then we have
          to take every precaution.

                    JASON
              (not liking kid)
          Jason. You all already know the
          other rules...

We all know them...

                    JASON (CONT'D)
          If you need to fight them, aim for
          the eyes or the gills.

                    OMAR
          What kind of sharks?

                    GARY
          Who cares. The man-eater kind.

                    TRISHA
          What the hell is this place? Why-
          why are there so many of them?

                     JASON
          Every year, these- all these
          sharks, Great Whites, they leave
          the shores of America and Mexico
          and-and they sorta like go on a
          pilgrimage or something, like
          "migrate" in big hordes and stuff,
          meet up and hang out in the middle
          of The Pacific, middle of
          nowhere...

                    OMAR
          Maybe this is where they mate.

Gary hacks a delirious laugh. Everybody looking at him...

                    GARY
          No wonder- no wonder they’re so
          fucking aggressive. THIS IS THEIR
          FUCKING BIRTHING GROUND!

Deep dread taking root in everybody's stomach.

                    GARY (CONT'D)
          And we- we crashed straight into
          it!

                    KATE
          This is not helping.
                                                        50.


                    GARY
          Fuck off, lady. We’re all gonna die
          in a freaking shark orgy!

                    TRISHA
          Maybe not. Maybe they’ll just choke
          on you first.

                    HAROLD
          Calm down everybody!

Harold raised his voice. He has a natural authority,
leadership.

                    HAROLD (CONT'D)
          One thing is for sure. We can’t
          just sit here and do nothing. The
          clock is ticking on our lives. We
          have to be organized until the
          rescue people arrive.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

Pam is trying to talk to the two little girls. Trying to get
their minds off of from what just happened to their mother.

                    PAM
          I have two granddaughters that must
          be your age. They’re all about
          horses. You like horses?

No answer. Pam smiles gently.

                    PAM (CONT'D)
          You don’t have to talk. It’s ok to
          be sad. It’s ok to be scared. I’m
          scared. But help will come... My
          name is Pam but my grandchildren
          call me Nana.

                       OLDER SISTER
          I’m Margo.

She turns to the younger one-

                    PAM
          And you, what’s your name?

The little girl that used to be so chatty, remains silent.
Her sister answers for her-

                    MARGO
          Her name’s Charlotte.
                                                          51.


                    PAM
          Charlotte and Margo. Nice to meet
          you young ladies.

A beat.

                    MARGO
          We need to call my dad.

                    PAM
          And where’s your dad, honey?

                       MARGO
          At home.

                       PAM
          In Sydney?

The little girl nods.

                    PAM (CONT'D)
          We will call your dad. As soon as
          we get rescued. We will call him to
          make sure he’s not worrying too
          much.

Meanwhile, Kate goes through the contents of the survival
kit: knife, first aid kit, air filter, paddles, reanimation
capsule, flares...

Trisha holds a pump without knowing what it’s for.

                    HAROLD
          That’s a water filter. We’re gonna
          need that one.

Harold takes it and looks for instructions.

Jonah reads the instructions on the raft trying to figure out
what the telescopic metal rod attached to it is for.

                    JONAH
              (reading)
          ... in case of extreme weather...

But reading on the rolling ocean has made him nauseous and he
leans over to vomit.

                                                     CUT TO:

Trisha stands on the floating wing looking out over the
horizon for any sign of a rescue.
                                                          52.


Luggage and instrument cases occasionally pop up to the
surface breaking the silence among the dead bodies.

Sitting in the raft, Harold strives to draw water with the
water filter. Kate looks on-

He’s sweating and after a while finally determines that the
pump is defective.

                    HAROLD
          I can’t get a drop. I think it’s
          busted. We’ll have to wait for rain
          if we’re gonna drink.

Kate looks up- Not a single cloud in the sky.

Further back, Omar keeps an eye on Yoji who has fallen
asleep.

Luis approaches.

                    LUIS
          I want to thank you. Lisa told me
          what you did inside the plane.

                    OMAR
          I wish I could’ve done more.

He looks at Yoji’s injury.

                    LUIS
          Will he make it?

Omar can’t find the words. It’s beside the point.

                    OMAR
          If we don’t get some fresh water
          soon, no one will make it.

Paul, the honeymooner, swallows hard and regards his dead
wife.

Her face frozen blue. Eyes sealed shut. Missing leg. And
in this moment, he can finally see the terrible reality.
She's never coming back.

With trembling lips he kisses her forehead and tenderly
unclips her life vest... survivors watching with lumps in
their throats.

                    PAUL
          My- My forever girl.

And then with a strangled sob... He lets go...
                                                           53.


The young woman sinking out of sight.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The survivors have all been transferred to one raft-

Kate, Luis and Jason climb the empty one and begin paddling
among the floating debris, baggages and dead bodies in yellow
life vest... Scavenging.

They lift some items into the raft making it sway in the
water.

Still on high alert, they know that every movement can bring
back the sharks- One could attack at any time.

But nothing happens...

They discover an OXYGEN TANK in a floating medical kit -

Kate lifts it out of the water. Through the water, she can
guess the outline of the crashed plane resting in the deep.

                      KATE
          How deep?

Jason looks, tries to evaluate-

                    JASON
          Hard to say. Could be 30 or 50
          feet?

                    LUIS
          If it’s that shallow, does it mean
          we are close to land?

                    KATE
          An island maybe?

Jason looks around- 360° of ocean...

                    JASON
          Maybe. Or maybe we just crashed
          over a sandbar.

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The objects found are placed on the wing:
                                                        54.


O2 tank, Trisha’s guitar case, clothing, kid size scuba masks
and snorkels, and unused life vest, protein bars, but no
water...

Kate is worried knowing they have little time.

She checks her watch and looks up at the sun. It’s getting
late.

She can still see the two main pieces of the fuselage resting
at the bottom of the ocean.

                    KATE
          We have to dive in and get water
          bottles from the plane.

Everyone is taken aback by her suggestion.

                    GARY
          Are you insane?

                    KATE
          If Jason is right, then we have a
          couple hours before they return...

                    FRANCISCO
          We don’t know that for sure.

                    KATE
          Think for a second. If we don’t go
          now it will be dark and then it
          will be too late.

                    PAM
          Why not just wait for the rescuers.
          You set off the alarm, right? They
          should be here soon...

                    KATE
          Or not. Without water we have
          little chance of survival.

                    TRISHA
          Let’s at least wait until we’re at
          the end of our rope. Imagine the
          rescue arrives in a few hours and
          we risked our lives for nothing.

                    JASON
          We’re over some sort of sandbar and
          we can still reach the wreckage of
          the plane. If we drift too far off
          then we’ll lose sight of it. She’s
          right, it’s now or never.
                                                        55.


                    KATE
          Who is coming with me??

Luis intervenes.

                    LUIS
          I’ll do it. But without you. You’re
          injured and your blood might
          attract them. Too risky.

Jason psychs himself up.

                    JASON
          I’ll go with you, Teach.

Ashley is worried for her prince charming and tries to hold
him back.

                    LUIS
              (to Jason)
          Are you sure?

                    JASON
          I’m not the one you should worry
          about, Teach.

                                                  CUT TO:

Harold has pieced together a regulator on the oxygen tank
which he hands to Luis.

Luis straps the tank to his back.

Jason slips on the unused life vest.

Kate hands him a harpoon made from the metal rod and a knife.

                    KATE
          The water bottles are in the last
          galley on the side of the broken
          wing. If you’re facing the front
          they’re in the first drawer from
          the bottom.

                    LUIS
          Okay. Anything helpful we could
          grab while we’re down there?

                    HAROLD
          Anything that could help us defend
          ourselves...
                                                           56.


                    KATE
          There’s a small axe by the front
          door next to the extinguisher.

                    HAROLD
          You carry an axe on a plane?

                    KATE
          It’s required by the FAA
          regulation...

Luis and Jason put on the kids masks. They’re ready!

Luis tries the regulator and hands it to Jason so he can do
the same.

Jason gives a thumbs up.

With all the survivors looking on, the music teacher and the
student dive in...


UNDERWATER - DAY

Jason free dives like a dolphin. He looks like Aqua-man.

Luis is not moving so well with the O2 tank. He’s much slower
and has to open the O2 valve several times to get air.

The two parts of the plane rest on a sand bar 40 feet down.
It’s an incredible sight- albeit, a tragic one.

Luis and Jason approach THE FRONT WRECK...

Jason reaches the fuselage and waits for Luis to catch up.

The teacher makes it with difficulty and gives Jason the air
tube.

Jason takes a deep breath and signals for him to follow.

Luis nods and enters the plane behind Jason.


INT. UNDERWATER WRECK - DAY

Inside, the fuselage looks like it did the last few hours
before the water landing.

Debris floating everywhere.

The dead bodies of the passengers who opened their life vest
too soon stuck to the ceiling...
                                                          57.


Jason gets to the first galley- his movements are fluid like
an astronaut on a space walk.

Suddenly, he comes face to face with Captain Chambers!

He jumps at the sight of the deformed pilot and drops the
harpoon...

Luis is there to give Jason some much needed oxygen.

They have to keep going. Luis points-


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The sun slowly sinks in the sky.

Kate and the other survivors follow the operation from the
wing. Nothing to see.

The plane’s silhouette is visible but the divers are not.

However, seeing occasional bubbles rise to the surface is
reassuring.

Linh snaps out of her daze when she spots a shark fin
approaching.

She sits up to make sure she’s not dreaming-

SHE’S NOT.

                       LINH
             They’re back!

Kate turns.

The sharks have returned and charge 35MPH!!

                       PAM
             My god!

                       ASHLEY
             Jason! No...


INT. UNDERWATER FRONT WRECK - DAY

Jason and Luis work together to remove the metal casing
containing the water bottles.

After passing the oxygen back and forth, they tie the packs
of water to the unused life vest.
                                                          58.


It takes just a few minutes, but neither Luis nor Jason know
that the sharks have returned.

Jason carries the water to the emergency door.

Once in front of the open door, he pulls the strings on the
life vest.

The vest inflates instantly lifting the water packs towards
the surface.

A couple sharks pass above the water bottles!!

Jason retreats into the fuselage to hide.

Luis and Jason look through a porthole- An entire squadron of
sharks. But more importantly-

ANOTHER SHARK MUCH CLOSER, SWIMS ALONG THE PLANE, ITS MASSIVE
HEAD PASSES BEHIND A WINDOW, ITS BODY KEEPS GOING AND GOING
AND GOING SUCH THAT THEY CAN REALIZE THE SHEER SIZE OF THE
BEAST. A TWENTY FIVE FEET LONG BEHEMOTH.

They can see the anchor line stuck in its jaws. This is the
shark that pulled down one of the rescue rafts.

Luis and Jason are trapped. What will they do?

Luis spots the fire extinguisher on a wall and above, the
small axe Kate mentioned.

He swims to get it and signals that he will create a
diversion so Jason can escape.

Jason shakes his head refusing.

Luis insists pointing to the O2 tank- He can last a bit
longer.

He points for Jason to exit the way they entered.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The life vest appears on the surface.

                    KATE
          Quick, help me grab it. Let’s row.

Kate paddles to the vest and looks around for sharks.

She leans in and using her paddle pulls in the vest and the
water bottles.
                                                           59.


                      ASHLEY
                (worried)
            Why aren’t they coming up?


INT. UNDERWATER WRECK - DAY

The two men stand ready by the emergency door.

Luis hits the fire extinguisher with the back of the axe
while Jason waits for the sharks to react to the sound.

The animals sense the vibrations and turn towards the divers!

Jason takes one last breath.

HE’S OFF!

He swims to the other side of the plane where they entered.

He finds his harpoon on the way and exits the fuselage...

Luis backs away as he continues banging the fire extinguisher
with the axe.

THE SHARKS ENTER THROUGH THE BROKEN FUSELAGE!

Half a dozen sharks circle through the empty seats looking
for the vibration.

Luis continues when-

A SHARK SEES HIM AND HEADS IN HIS DIRECTION.

Luis hurries into the toilet but can’t close the door
entirely.

He tries frantically to shut it--

The shark sticks its muzzle in between the door inches from
Luis’s face.

Furious, it’s trying to destroy the door.

Luis backs away and lifts the fire extinguisher to the sharks
nose and... squeezes the trigger-

Releasing thousands of bubbles!

The shark reacts immediately and pulls away.

Luis finally shuts the door and takes a deep breath of
oxygen. He was very close to blacking out.
                                                          60.


EXT. UNDERWATER FRONT WRECK - DAY

Outside the plane, Jason swims back to the surface checking
behind him-

The sharks circle the wreck without seeing him escape--

The young surfer ascends quickly getting closer to the raft.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

Jason resurfaces gasping for air!

                    ASHLEY
          Jason!!

Everyone on the wing is overjoyed to see the teen back above
the water.

Ashley waits for him with a relieved smile.

A couple of survivors pulls him up to the wing when-

THE GIANT SHARK JUMPS ENTIRELY OUT OF THE WATER AND SNAPS ITS
JAWS AROUND THE TEEN’S BODY!!

Blood splatters all over Ashley who screams in terror as her
boyfriend is devoured before her very eyes.

There’s nothing anyone can do for Jason now. His body has
been chopped in two.

Facing the survivors, the shark chews on Jason’s torso and
pops his head between its teeth like a watermelon!


EXT. UNDERWATER FRONT WRECK - DAY

The surfer’s legs sink to the bottom leaving a thick trail of
blood...

The scent attracts the other sharks circling the wreck.

Those inside the fuselage are also attracted to the blood and
exit through the doors...


EXT. UNDERWATER FRONT WRECK - DAY

Luis, still stuck in the toilet, works up the courage to open
the door and peek outside extending the fire extinguisher
like a weapon.
                                                           61.


To his surprise, they’re all gone.

Luis looks through the porthole where the sharks tear at
Jason’s remains.

He’s mortified, but he quickly focuses. He has to take
advantage of the distraction if he’s going to escape.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The survivors are still shocked by Jason’s brutal killing.

Ashley is beside herself with grief.

No way Luis could have survived, when-

Someone sees bubbles surfacing.

The music teacher’s head suddenly appears sucking for air!

                    HAROLD
          Look! There!!

Omar and Harold help Luis aboard.

The teacher struggles to regain his breath.

                    TRISHA
          What the hell happened?!

Luis needs to catch his breath and calm himself.

                    LUIS
          I tried to create a diversion for
          Jason to escape... I should’ve gone
          first.

Kate puts her hand on his shoulder.

                    KATE
          This is not your fault.

He feels so much guilt.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          These kids need you. Come on.

Luis looks at the kids that have survived. Lisa, Trisha,
Linh, Jonah, Ashley, and Yoji who is still in bad shape...

Kate opens a bottle of water for Yoji to drink first.
                                                          62.


His lips are parched, but the few sips are a godsend for the
teen whose life hangs in the balance.

She turns to the two sisters-

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Are you thirsty?

Margo swallows a nod, her throat parched. Shares the rest of
the bottle with Charlotte.

Gary empties one in three gulps.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          Save as much as you can.

                    GARY
          That kid is dead so we can drink,
          sweetheart! And let me remind you
          that you sent him down there.

                       KATE
          Fuck off.

She knows there’s some truth in what he just said.

The raft jolts suddenly.

A FIN APPEARS RIGHT NEXT TO IT!

Everyone backs away but there is nowhere to go and they cram
together on one side.

Terrified, Charlotte jumps into Kate’s arms while Margo
shields behind her.

                       KATE (CONT'D)
          It’s ok...

The raft is struck again- This time they hold on to keep from
falling in...

The sharks circle the raft like patient, disciplined
predators.

Their circles become shorter with every rotation.

More than a dozen can be seen.

Some lift their heads out of the water as if to contemplate
their next meal...

                    TRISHA
          Aren’t they full by now?
                                                          63.


                    GARY
          They don’t just want to eat us.
          They want to kill us. 200+ humans
          landed on their turf. They’re
          defending it just as we would.

                    TRISHA
          Jesus Christ...

                    GARY
          If He was here, He coulda walked
          home by now...

Another shock!

Gary falls back but the other survivors catch him.

Luis keeps his hand on the pack of water bottles to keep them
from falling in.

THE GIANT GREAT WHITE ALSO APPEARS...

                    JONAH
          Fuck! Did you see the size of that
          thing?!

Its fin is three times the size of the others. It rubs along
the plastic inflatable raft as the passengers look on
petrified.

                    ASHLEY
          That’s the one that killed Jason.

Swinging its tail out of the water, it strikes the raft
shaking it sideways.

                    KATE
          Try to hang on to something.

Another even more jarring strike!

The passengers huddle together in terror...

Francisco lands on Gary’s knees who pushes him away
instinctively.

Francisco stumbles, trips back, and finds himself--

In the water surrounded by other sharks!

Panicked, Francisco fights frantically to get back on board.
                                                        64.


Jonah rushes to help his friend but it’s too late. Francisco
gets yanked out of sight. Jonah waits for his schoolmate to
reappear... He won’t. Jonah turns to Gary-

                    JONAH
          Son of a bitch! You pushed him in!
          I’m gonna kill you, motherfucker!!

Jonah jumps on Gary but Omar holds him back.

                    JONAH (CONT'D)
          This guy’s been a dick since the
          beginning. He’s the one who
          deserves to die.

                    OMAR
          Calm down. Calm down.

                    JONAH
          He did it on purpose! I saw him. We
          save his life and that’s how this
          fucker repays us!

                    GARY
          It was an accident. I swear. He
          fell on top of me. I didn’t want
          to... I swear...

Gary breaks down in tears...

                    GARY (CONT'D)
          I didn’t mean it. I swear. It was
          an accident...

                    JONAH
          Liar! You’re a fat fucking liar!

                    LUIS
          Jonah, that’s enough. That’s
          enough. We’re all in this together.
          We can only survive as a team.
              (pointing to the fins)
          ...Like them.

Jonah backs off still fuming.

Everyone heard Luis. They have to try to get along if they’re
going to live.

                                                  CUT TO:
                                                           65.


EXT. OCEAN - SUNSET

The sun touches the horizon.

The light sparkles on the ocean as far as the eye can see.

Trisha, Linh and Jonah keep a look out in all directions.

The ocean is calm. The sharks have disappeared for the time
being.

Brent, the older man, stands a little too close to the edge,
urinating into a plastic bottle as discretely as possible...
Paul and Kate notice him.

                    BRENT
          See any facilities 'round these
          parts?

                    PAUL
              (cringes)
          Not gonna drink it, are you?

The older man hacks a chuckle, amused. Finishes pissing and
holds up the bottle. It looks more like blood than urine.

                     BRENT
          Better red than dead... That’s what
          my wife used to say. Didn't want my
          ruby piss being the reason they
          came back.

Screws the cap onto the bottle.   Kate and the young man
registering concern.

                    BRENT (CONT'D)
          Way I figure it, I had a good run.
          My wife - not so lucky.

                    KATE
          What were you carrying in that
          backpack?

He smiles. She figured it out.

                     BRENT
          I was supposed to spread her ashes
          on the beach we’ve met. I guess the
          middle of the Pacific ocean will do
          just fine.

On the other side of the wing, Pam keeps an eye on her phone
just in case.
                                                        66.


Harold warmly grabs her hand.

                    HAROLD
          I... I almost missed this flight.

                    PAM
          Yeah?

                     HAROLD
          Yeah... But I’m glad I caught it. I
          got to be with you in these
          moments...

ON THEIR SIDE

Omar and Lisa continue caring for Yoji laying on the wing...

Kate and Luis try to collect any blood inside the raft into
empty water bottles so as not to attract any more sharks.

Lisa admires the way Omar takes care of Yoji.

                    LISA
          What are you going to do in Los
          Angeles?

                    OMAR
          I’m headed to Austin actually. To
          see my parents. It’s been a year
          since I’ve seen them.

                    LISA
          You live in Sydney?

Omar smiles- Forced to get personal.

                    OMAR
          Not anymore... I just broke up with
          my girlfriend.

                    LISA
          Sorry. I didn’t mean to get nosey.

                    OMAR
          It’s okay. Anyway, every story has
          an ending, right?

                    LISA
          The end is often so sad.

                    OMAR
          Honestly, it was more my idea.
          Living far from my parents and my
          friends, my city... Not for me.
                    (MORE)
                                                        67.

                    OMAR (CONT'D)
              (thinking)
          The weirdest thing is that I never
          thought about it before.

Lisa seems genuinely interested in his story.

                    LISA
          Why is that?

                    OMAR
          I was adopted when I was three... I
          spent my life wondering what
          would’ve happened to me if my
          parents hadn’t walked into the
          orphanage that day. As if the life
          they gave me was never really the
          one that was meant for me... You
          know when your real parents give
          you up you can’t help but think
          about why you’re even on this
          earth...

Lisa is moved and wants to say something when-

THE GIANT GREAT WHITE JUMPS OUT OF THE WATER!!

It lands square on top of PAUL AND BRENT sitting in a corner
of the raft.

The splash is monumental- Like the one at Sea World when the
Orca drenches the audience. But this time, no one’s laughing
as the wave makes the raft capsize!

All the passengers are in the water!

On the wing, Kate holding the girls, Luis, Lisa, and Omar try
to keep their balance as the shark’s wave threatens to send
them into the drink.

They watch Linh, Trisha, Paul and Brent get shredded by the
great white...

Meanwhile, Harold helps Pam who struggles to stay afloat.

He swims her back to the wing where--

Luis and Omar pull her up.

Harold attempts to pull himself up when-

Blood explodes behind him as we see a flash of silver skin
and a thrashing tail.

Pam reaches out for him...
                                                           68.


                    PAM
          Haroooold!!

HE SCREAMS HIS LUNGS OUT. The shark lifting him by the legs,
swinging his upper body around in a wide arc, straight into--

The jaws of a second shark, just as the beast explodes to the
surface.

Both creatures refusing to let go; a predatory tug of war
ensues and Harold gets ripped in half...

Jonah, Ashley and Gary successfully climb onto the wing.

They’re all terrified and totally shocked by this random
attack.

Pam is inconsolable. Harold is definitely gone from her life.

Kate sees Ashley’s thigh is lacerated and she agonizes in
pain.

She rushes to the teen.

The wound is 14 inches long and the blood pouring out of it
suggest it’s pretty deep.

                      GARY
          Oh, fuck!

Omar and Kate disinfect Ashley’s thigh using the first aid
kit.

The teen screams in pain.

Meanwhile, her blood attracts another shark who takes bites
into the metal wing.

Luis grabs the axe and aims at the shark.

                    KATE
          Watch it! They’re smelling her
          blood.

Some of the other teens try to collect the blood using the
plastic tarp.

                    GARY
          Are you fucking serious?! We’re so
          dead if we keep her on board.

And then just like that, the waters still, and all the beasts
are gone, disappearing into the deep like phantoms.
                                                           69.


Like they were never there.

Luis and Omar kneel next to Ashley. In her pain, she’s
becoming agitated.

                     LUIS
          Ashley, look at me. I know you.
          You’re a fighter. This is nothing
          for you...

She looks at Luis and then Omar. She knows she’s in good
hands and finally settles down holding Luis tightly.

Watching their classmate suffer, the other teens can’t help
wonder when their time will come.

Probably soon...

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT

Night has fallen. Calmness has returned. The sky sparkles
with a millions stars.

The survivors only have a wing and a life raft left to stay
afloat- A daunting task considering the vast open water
surrounding them.

Only 11 remain:

Kate - Luis - Omar - Margo & Charlotte - Lisa - Jonah - Yoji -
Ashley - Pam - Gary.

They all look to the horizon for any signs of life, but at
this hour, their faces suggest they might be losing hope.

Ashley opens Yoji’s flute case. She stares at the instrument
deep in thought.

She assembles it and-

Puts her lips to the shaft closing her eyes...

She blows a note as tears flow down her cheeks.

The gentle sound draws the attention of Jonah, Lisa and
Luis... Semi-conscious, Yoji almost smiles as he hears his
instrument being played.

They watch and listen to her play under the moonlight.
                                                           70.


The other survivors appreciate the warm melody, no doubt
thinking about their destiny, their loved ones, and those
that have been lost...

The music rings out into the distance...


EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER

The clouds cover the sparkling sounds.

Even with the constant sloshing of the waves, most of the
survivors are asleep...

Kate, Luis, and Omar keep an eye on the horizon hoping to see
a light in the distance.

...The hours pass.

Unfortunately, the landscape remains the same.

Fatigue and lack of water is starting to be felt at this hour
of the night...

Luis is wary and sees that Kate and Omar are also awake.

The teacher is getting desperate. He’s on edge and can’t keep
it to himself. He needs to know what’s going to happen.

                    LUIS
          Do you think we’re gonna make it?

Kate and Omar turn to him surprised by the directness of his
question.

                      LUIS (CONT'D)
          Honestly.

                    OMAR
          I’d like to say yes, but I’d be
          lying.

Luis was hoping for a different answer.

                    KATE
          We’re gonna make it.

Kate’s aplomb leaves both men indifferent.

                    LUIS
          How can you be so sure?

                    KATE
          My daughter told me.
                                                        71.


                    OMAR
          ...??

                    LUIS
          Your daughter?

                    KATE
          Her name is Juliette, and she’ll be
          ten next month.

Luis and Omar listen as Kate is ready to tell her life story.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          ... Three years ago, I was driving
          home from back to school night with
          my husband. Marc usually drove, but
          this time he had given me the keys.
          A few miles from our exit on the
          freeway, a car with no lights had
          stopped in our lane. I tried to
          swerve but...

Kate gathers the strength to continue. The images have been
playing in her head since the accident, but it’s still just
as painful...

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          ... When I turned, the car flipped
          and rolled over a few times... They
          told me Marc died on impact.
          Juliette was thrown from the car.
          She’s been in a coma ever since...
          I spent four months in the hospital
          and had almost a year of physical
          therapy just to walk again.
          I thought I’d never fully recover.
          That accident took everything I
          loved from me.

Kate can hardly continue.

                     KATE (CONT'D)
          Last night, like every night for
          the past three years, I couldn’t
          sleep. My mind was racing again,
          picturing the worst. That any day
          now, I will lose hope. And I’ll
          have to make a horrible decision.
          But what if hoping is a horrible
          decision? How could keeping her
          trapped on those machines be a good
          one?
               (shakes her head)
                     (MORE)
                                                           72.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          And then something happened, my arm
          started to tingle in a way… it was
          almost buzzing, from my fingers,
          all the way up until my whole body
          was jolted by this warm… shock. A
          few minutes later the hospital
          called me. They told me my daughter
          moved one of her fingers.

She can see Omar is skeptical.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          This can’t be just a coincidence.

They remain silent.

                                                  CUT TO:


INT. CAR - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

As she driving on the highway, Kate keeps an eye on her
daughter in the rear view mirror. The little girl is falling
asleep in the back seat.

MARC unbuckles his seatbelt to turn around and cover the
child with his jacket.

Kate doesn’t see the vehicle stopped in the lane and drives
full speed into it-

Upon impact, it’s a rush of seawater which breaks the
windshield like the cockpit of their plane hitting the ocean-


EXT. OCEAN - DAWN

KATE SUCKS IN A HEAVING GASP OF AIR. Bolting awake, kicking
out in panic, arms flailing, spooking the other survivors...

She frantically looks around, discombobulated... Sees
Charlotte deep asleep next to her and Margo sitting across
watching her. Somehow knowing what she’s going through.

Omar crawling over, clasping her shoulders...

                      OMAR
          You okay?

                    KATE
          Yeah... I fell asleep.

A cool breeze blows in her hair.
                                                           73.


A few rays of sunshine filter through thick cumulonimbus
clouds bordering the horizon.

The passengers lay in six inches of water- Exhausted, but
alive. The boat shifts from side to side in the swelling
water...

THE DARK ROUGH SEAS HAVE REPLACED YESTERDAY’S CLEAR TURQUOISE
WATER.

Luis cannot see the bottom of the ocean before looking out
into the horizon.

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          We drifted all night long.

                    LUIS
          That’s not going to help rescuers.

                    KATE
          At least we’re drifted away from
          the sharks.

Omar leans over to give Yoji some much needed water.

The teen is pale and weak. He’s lost a lot of blood and can
hardly swallow. But he struggles to drink anyway.

                    OMAR
          That’s good, buddy. You gotta hang
          on.

Luis takes out his diabetes medicine but realizes that he’s
out.

Kate notices, but Luis puts it back in his pocket as if
nothing.

Still, he feels he needs to explain.

                    LUIS
          ... I don’t really need them. It’s
          okay.

                    KATE
              (concerned)
          How long can you stay without?

                    LUIS
          ... Just about as long as we all
          can.

What does that mean? Twenty four hours? Forty eight?
                                                        74.


Water sprays on Gary who jumps up in a panic!

In doing so, he wakes up all the other survivors.

Another spray splashes on Kate’s face!

THE RAFT SWAYS HARD!!

Something circles around them...

Aside from Yoji, everyone is on guard, when-

A SHARK JUMPS NEXT TO LISA WHO SCREAMS!!

The passengers looks confused.

Upon closer observation, they realize it’s not a shark, but A
HERD OF MONK SEALS jumping around and playing with the raft.

                    GARY
          Goddamned seals! Scared the shit
          out of me...

The other survivors smile and Lisa breathes a sigh of relief.

Pam has also found her smile.

                    PAM
          Are they looking for food?

The seals have brought a welcome change to the tension and
doldrum, when-

THE GIANT GREAT WHITE EXPLODES FROM THE WATER NEXT TO THE
RAFT SNAGGING A SEAL IN ITS JAWS!!

It’s huge compared to its prey.

The passengers jump in unison.

The great white is back.

                       PAM (CONT'D)
          Oh my god!

                    KATE
          It’s the same one!

                    OMAR
          He followed us.

                     JONAH
          Are you shitting me? How is that
          possible?!
                                                         75.


The seal was just a snack to the shark who charges the raft!

                    LUIS
          WATCH IT!...

                      KATE
          HANG ON!

At the last second, the giant sea monster dives under the
raft.

The fin is seen moving beneath the plastic tarp and in
between the passengers.

Then it’s gone...

Everyone looks overboard to find it...

                    ASHLEY
          You think it’s gone?

                      JONAH
          There!

The fin reappears... headed in their direction once more.

                    GARY
          Oh god, no!

They are all at the mercy of this sea monster who can throw
them at any time.

But instead, it passes beneath them again- And again the fin
is outlined under the raft.

                    KATE
          ...We have to get back on the wing.

The great white activates its tail with more vigor charging
at full speed...

This time, its fin rips the plastic floor splitting it in
two!

Water instantly floods the raft... the passengers fall in
unable to grasp anything!

In the melee, Kate who’s trying to protect the little girls,
sees the emergency beacon fall into the ocean.

She pushes off to get it but Luis holds her back.

                      LUIS
          Kate. No!
                                                        76.


                    KATE
          The transmitter!

Lisa and Ashley quickly climb on the wing.

Jonah and Ashley also get on helped by Luis...

The others barely cling to the side of the wing.

Yoji, on the other hand is still in the raft as it folds in
half like a taco!

The shark turns around.

                    JONAH
          Hurry, it’s coming back.

Luis grabs Yoji’s ankle as the raft sinks!

But he’s losing grip of the wing.

Kate and Omar climb onto the wing helped by the kids.

The shark gets closer...

Gary sees that he will not be able to climb and goes to the
submerged part of the wing to have a better chance.

Luis and Yoji are still in the water.

Luis will not let go, resisting, ready to go down with his
student if that’s what it takes.

Like a tiger charging it’s prey, the shark tears the raft
apart with its jaws.

The middle row of teeth visible, this is a veritable killing
machine.

The unconscious Yoji has no chance against this predator...

The great white pierces the raft and closes its jaws around
the teen!

                    LUIS
          Nooo!!

Luis is about to go down with him when the other students
grab him.

Jonah, Lisa and Omar lift him onto the wing.

Kate feels for what he’s going through. Every time a student
disappears, it’s like a part of him dies.
                                                           77.


                    OMAR
          He wouldn’t have made it to the end
          of the day.

Omar puts his hand on Luis’s shoulder.

                    OMAR(CONT’D) (CONT'D)
          ... There was no way to save him.
          No one could have.

                    ASHLEY
          It’s coming back!

Luis stands. Thinks. Fast.

                    LUIS
          Everyone in the center. Let’s go.

The survivors regroup and hold hands.

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          We have a better chance of fending
          them off as a group. We’re
          stronger together.

The great white charges right at them reapplying his
technique--

His tail swipes the wings as he passes.

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          Hold on tight!

This time, however, the metal wing does not break so easily.

The shark tries again, striking the wing.

They can sense the animal’s frustration as it swipes its tail
several times.

                    OMAR
          Why won’t it just give up,
          already?!

The shark hits the wing again and finally lunges forward
biting into the metal- obsessing like a dog on a bone.

                    KATE
          Try to hold steady.

It’s hard with more water covering the surface making it more
slippery and unstable.

Everyone struggles to keep their balance as-
                                                          78.


The great white continues biting the wing with rage.

Nothing will stop it. It shreds a piece off the wing before-

Pulling off and swimming away.

                    LISA
          What’s it doing?

                    ASHLEY
          It’s coming back.

She’s right. It’s charging again...

It approaches fast, but this time it will not stop--

To everyone’s surprise, it jumps onto the wing, jaws open,
and slides the entire length on a thin layer of water!!

The wing leans with the weight of the giant animal and
everyone loses their balance.

They watch as the shark comes at them chomping at the bits
when at the last moment--

The great white suddenly turns around, and-

Swings its tail slamming into Lisa and sending her ten feet
into the air!

Lisa lands in the water knocked out cold.

The shark reenters the water.

Lisa’s unconscious body floats but it’s starting to sink.

            LUIS                               OMAR
Lisa!!                             Lisa!!

Without hesitating, Luis jumps in the water.

Kate tries to hold him back, but it’s too late.

Luis swims to her, risking everything to get Lisa back. No
way he’s gonna lose another kid.

Having landed on the other side, the shark charges once
again.

Kate runs to the survival kit...

She’s looking for something.
                                                           79.


What is it? She’s running out of time. Every second counts.
She has to hurry...

Luis is still far from Lisa while the shark gets closer to
both of them.

Kate reaches deeper into the bag pulling out A FLARE!

The shark is only a few more body lengths from Luis who is a
few feet from Lisa... Now sinking.

Kate stands at the edge of the wing, ignites the flare, and
throws it close to Lisa causing a diversion.

The flare hits the water.

Instinctively, the shark turns on a dime.

It worked!

Luis gets to the spot where Lisa sank, takes a deep breath,
and dives down...

The survivors go from Luis to the shark, back and forth,
watching the gap between them shorten.

Tension rises...

Luis resurfaces holding Lisa and takes a deep breath!

Now he has to swim back to the wing.

The shark circles the red flare before getting disinterested.

Kate lights another flare and sends it on the other side.

The shark takes the bait once again but not for long...

Holding Lisa, Luis swims as fast as possible.

                       OMAR (CONT'D)
             Hurry! It’s coming back!

Kate thinks. She’s got to do something and fast...

She takes the raft’s security rope coiling it around her
elbow.

                       KATE
             Luis! Luis! Catch!

She throws the rope hoping to reel them in.

It falls in front of Luis and he grabs it.
                                                           80.


                    KATE (CONT'D)
              (to the others)
          Quick! Help me pull!

They’re already surrounding her and pulling as hard as they
can.

Luis and Lisa glide through the water as--

The dorsal fin breaks the surface. Slicing closer...

Lisa and Luis get pulled out and onto the wing!

The shark slams into the metal before swimming away.

Lisa lies unconscious on the wing. She’s not out of the
woods.

Luis moves aside making room for Omar who kneels next to her.

He leans in to feel her breath and feels the pulse on her
wrist.

                    OMAR
          She’s not breathing and I can’t
          feel her pulse.

Omar starts CPR. He pumps her chest and blows air in her
mouth.

He’s methodical and calm under pressure.

Omar repeats the same action...

Lisa is the same. No change. Luis looks on worried.

So does Kate. She cannot bear to watch Lisa die in front of
her.

Omar continues resuscitating Lisa- Pumping and blowing over
and over.

Water projects out of Lisa’s mouth!

Omar leans down to listen to her chest.

Kate and the students have a sliver of hope, until--

                    OMAR (CONT'D)
          The water is out of her lungs and I
          can hear her heartbeat, but she’s
          still unconscious.

Omar is helpless, exhausted...
                                                           81.


Kate has no intention of giving up now. She turns to the
survival kit with another idea in mind.

                    OMAR (CONT'D)
          Lisa, can you hear me? Wake up.
          Lisa, if you hear me wake up.

Reaching into the survival kit, Kate pulls out a plastic
packet of medical capsules. She hands them to Omar.

                    KATE
          Here. Try this.

Kate has found reanimation salts.

For her, it’s personal. Like she’s trying to save her own
daughter.

Omar pops the pill from the packet and breaks it under Lisa’s
nose. After inhaling for a few seconds--

Lisa regains consciousness like a bolt of lightning going
through her body.

Her eyes open wide and she screams like an asthmatic gasping
for air.

                    OMAR
          That’s good. That’s good. Breathe.
          It’s going to be okay...

Pam looks in every direction. 360 degrees.

                    PAM
          Where is it?

They all looks for the giant fin, but there is no sign.

Kate looks at the sun above the clouds. They’re past dawn,
but by how much?

Margo interrupts--

                    MARGO (O.S.)
          Look! A boat! Over there!

The castaways turn to where Margo points. They all look at
the horizon.

                     JONAH
          Where?
                                                         82.


                    MARGO
              (insisting)
          There!!

It’s true. A tiny shape cut out in the distance with a small
spot of color- A CONTAINER SHIP?

                    JONAH
          You think they can see us?

The shape is three times smaller than the tip of his index
finger. There is no chance they’ve been spotted.

                    ASHLEY
          I don’t know...

Kate quickly goes through the survival kit to find a flare
but-

                    KATE
          We already used all of them...

                    GARY
          What?!

                    KATE
          I’m... I’m sorry.

Gary is ready to lash at her but Luis intervenes.

                    LUIS
          She did it to save Lisa and me.

Gary comes nose to nose with Luis.

                    GARY
          Congratulations! You guys made it
          but now we’re all gonna die.

                    OMAR
          Stop now. You’re wasting your
          energy for nothing. Maybe they can
          see us even without a flare.

                                                    CUT TO:

The survivors wave their hands and yell for help.

Even though they know no one can hear them, they still try,
even Gary joins in...
                                                         83.


The ship continues on course and fades into the distance. So
do their hopes of rescue.

                                                  CUT TO:

The sun reaches its zenith.

The heat has taken grip and only two bottles of water remain.

Kate inspects the great white teeth marks on the wing.

She leans down and pulls out-

A SHARK TOOTH stuck in the metal. It’s huge. Almost as big as
her palm.

After a moment-

                    KATE
          If they attack at sunrise and
          sunset, it means it will be back
          before night fall to finish us off.
          We should be ready for it.

                    OMAR
          Ready for what?

                    KATE
          We have to kill it.

                    JONAH
          You see the size of that thing?! We
          don’t stand a chance.

                    KATE
          It changes the way it hunts. It’s
          adapting. You saw it too. If we
          don’t kill it, it’s going to kill
          us. Every last one of us.

Exhausted, they all look at Kate not knowing what to think.
None of them seem up to the challenge. Kate is pumped, but
she’s alone...

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          I don’t know about you, but I’m not
          ready to die today.

So far silent, Gary speaks up -

                    GARY
          What if we trap it?

Everyone turns to him. A trap?
                                                           84.


                    GARY (CONT'D)
          It’s adapting. But it will always
          be guided by instincts. That’s why
          it’s consistently attacked our
          rafts. Maybe it’s obsessed with the
          color or the shape.

The survivors are not sure where he’s going with this.

                    GARY (CONT'D)
          We can use that to our advantage.
          If we could use the raft to attract
          it, maybe we can use it to trap it
          too. Trap it, and kill it.
              (a beat)
          I know it’s a gamble, but that’s
          all I’ve got...

For once, Kate agrees with him.

                    KATE
          Guys. We have to try.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY - MOMENTS LATER

The objects they’ve kept are piled together on the wing:

- The small axe

- Trisha’s guitar case

- Yoji’s flute

- A safety line

- Elastic bungee chords

- Two paddles

- A music stand

- Guitar chords

- A shark tooth

- The life raft tarp

The castaways study what’s available.

Where’s MacGyver when you need him?
                                                        85.


MOMENTS LATER

The tarp is spread over the wing.

ASHLEY looks at the flute.

She rips the rod from the main body, assembles the
instrument, and then pushes the broken rod into the end of
the cylinder.

Now the flute is longer and sharp enough to penetrate flesh.

KATE attaches the shark tooth to the end of the used flare
with guitar string- It’s now a knife.

LUIS open’s Trisha’s guitar case and removes the guitar. He
could’ve never imagined using it for anything but making
music.

He removes the strings... breaks the neck from the body and
attaches the bungee chord to the tuning pegs.

He takes the frame of the music stand and dismantles it to
collect the metal legs. Luis puts one end of a leg into the
bungee-

He pulls back on the elastic and releases-

In a split second, the metal leg shoots out and plants into
the wing! The music professor has just turned a guitar into a
CROSSBOW.

On his hands and knees, GARY uses guitar wires to fix the
rips caused by the sharks’s fin.

Using the leftover metal stand, LISA builds a spear,
fashioning fabric from a life vest into a handle.

OMAR and JONAH work together to break the flat part of the
paddle. They struggle with it until it finally splits.

They inspect their improvised weapon finding it surprisingly
sharp. Satisfied, they go to work on the second paddle.

PAM and GARY wrap the line around the deflated raft’s
railing, until finally-

They pull on each side of the rope squeezing the
circumference of the raft together like a slip knot.

It looks like a trap...

Everyone puts the final touches on their weapons and will
soon find out if they’re up to the task.
                                                        86.


The sun has already started its descent. The end of the day
approaches.

Soon the great white shark will reappear...

                                                  CUT TO:


EXT. OCEAN - SUNSET

Omar grabs the plastic bottles containing the blood collected
by the students to keep the sharks away.

Only five little bottles. Half a gallon...

                    OMAR
          I’m not sure this will be enough to
          lure it in.

                    KATE
          It didn’t take that much the first
          time.

At the end of the wing, the tarp is partially inflated and
arching above the water like a tent.

Luis attaches the blood bottles on the edge of the wing and
in the center of the arch.

The trap is starting to take shape. They will lure the shark
with the blood and catch it with the life raft.

Omar walks among the other passengers holding their harpoons.

This version of Swiss Family Robinson have rigged some
impressive weapons. They’re no longer the helpless passengers
that boarded that plane a day earlier.

The minutes pass. The wait is heavy on their morale.

The shark is nowhere to be seen...

Kate and Luis are on the lookout for the least bit of
activity.

In their situation, what’s worse than seeing a shark fin is
not seeing one at all. Not knowing from which angle it will
strike.

Anxiety overtakes their tired faces.

Suddenly, the wing vibrates like an earthquake. Metal grinds
under the wing...
                                                          87.


Everyone sits up.

The man eater is right beneath them.

They turn their attention to the tremors at the end of the
wing where they see-

THE GIANT GREAT WHITE.

                       KATE (CONT'D)
          Get ready.

The shark swims in front of them, teasing, knowing its
power...

The survivors hold the rope connected to the raft/trap.

Omar approaches the end of the wing...

He pierces the blood bottles with the sharpened paddle...

Blood leaks from the bottle onto the wing and into the water.

But the shark does not go for it like they all thought.

                    LUIS
          What’s wrong? What’s it doing?

                    OMAR
          Maybe it’s not enough blood...

The shark circles the floating wing...

                    KATE
          It’s studying us... Waiting for the
          right time.

Indeed the predator’s circles are getting smaller and
smaller...

Getting closer and closer to the wing...

Seen from above, the massive silhouette of the great white
gliding underwater makes the 787 wing look small...

Omar watches the bottles emptying.

The blood continues diluting into a red cloud in the ocean...

                    OMAR
          ...The bottles are almost empty.
                                                           88.


                    JONAH
          We’re gonna miss it. It’s gotta go
          now.

                    KATE
          Come on... Come on...

Gary’s beginning to doubt the strategy. Clearly this is not
working and they will have to find another way... and fast.

The great white is close. And getting closer...

On the other side of the trap-

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          This is not going to work!

The shark swims along the wing lifting its head above the
water to show off its teeth, when--

Kate jumps forward and with all her strength--

                    KATE (CONT'D)
          AAAaaaargh !!

She harpoons the great white’s muzzle!

The shark reacts suddenly and moves away from the wing-

Heading further out to sea...

It continues circling and moving like an angry pit-bull!

Kate runs to the raft/trap and positions herself right behind
it.

She then shakes the tarp violently trying to excite the
animal and encouraging it to charge.

                      KATE (CONT'D)
          Come on!

                      LUIS
          Kate, no!

The last few drops of blood drip into the water...

Luis, Omar and the others watch Kate as she waves the tarp
like a matador in front of a champion bull.

The shark is in! It turns on a dime...

Charges like a torpedo! Ramming mode.
                                                         89.


Its fin splitting the water surface, it heads straight for
Kate and the raft.

Kate’s silhouette is outlined by the tarp and she is resigned
to serving as bait.

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          Careful Kate, it’s coming...
              (to the others)
          Hold on tight to that rope.

The shark is just a few seconds away.

The group holds their breath.

The shark lifts its head and opens its jaws exposing rows
upon rows of razor sharp teeth!!

                      LUIS (CONT'D)
          KATE!!

The shark surges...

Kate jumps off at the last second.

THE SHARK PENETRATES THE PLASTIC!!

The survivors pull the ropes together.

The trap closes around the shark, but it’s not big enough to
cover the entire animal.

It’s only trapped halfway up the second dorsal fin.

Only partially captured, the shark becomes even more
agitated.

The passengers panic on the platform. Pam protects the
sisters.

Holding the ropes tightly, they have to keep the shark pinned
down and also start stabbing it!

But first, they have to avoid getting hit with its tail which
could deliver a fatal blow.

The shark turns and twists, flailing its fins, trying to free
itself.

It slides along the metal...

This makes the wing tilt causing the survivors to lose
balance.
                                                          90.


It’s hard to attack the shark when they can’t even stand.
Plus, they’re forced to drop the ropes holding the shark...

BOOM! THE TAIL SLAMS INTO PAM, MARGO, CHARLOTTE AND JONAH.

They land at the far end of the wing, their bells thoroughly
rung.

Luis pulls back on his crossbow and aims his makeshift arrow.

He fires and hits the mark, the metal tube going deep into
the shark’s flesh!!

Still stuck in the tarp, the shark opens its mouth as if it
where letting out a scream...

The guitar strings keeping the tarp intact are tearing one at
a time. The split widens and a large eye and teeth appear!

Kate attempts the impossible by attacking the shark with a
sharpened paddle. Instead, she gets side-swiped by its tail!

Kate is thrown clear onto the other side of the wing...

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          Kate!!

She’s been stunned by the impact making it hard to regain her
senses.

Luis puts another arrow in the crossbow but drops it in his
haste...

                    LUIS (CONT'D)
          Shit!

He tries to catch it but it slides on the metal and falls
into the water...

He reloads, but he’s only got one left after this.

Luis pulls back on the bungee and aims at the shark’s head,
when-

A violent vibration shakes the wing forcing his shot astray.

The passengers hold each other desperately trying to stay out
of the water.

The shark has wiggled itself to the edge- It’s close to being
free.

Gary sees Kate’s harpoon next to him. He grabs the weapon,
stands, and lifting the harpoon above his head-
                                                           91.


                       GARY
             HAAAAAAAA!!!

BUT ANOTHER VIOLENT TAIL WHIP foils his attack.

Gary and all of his extra pounds are thrown into the air
creating a big splash in the water!

Jonah, who couldn’t give a shit about him, is the first one
to assist.

                       JONAH
             Grab my hand!!

Gary and Jonah lock hands. Lisa and Omar help pull him back
onto the wing.

Kate finally gets to her feet.

This battle is far from over. The great white is like an
insane prisoner trying to escape a straightjacket. Little by
little he re-tears the tarp held together with the guitar
wire.

It will not hold much longer. Soon, its entire mouth will be
exposed!

But Ashley has also been driven to insanity and rage since
Jason’s death. She gathers her courage and despite her
wounded leg-

Dives towards the shark stabbing the flute into its head!

Then stabs again!! Blood flies everywhere! Then a third time
right in the eye!!!!

The animal contorts wildly... Ashley barely gets away...

The great white has shimmied itself all the way to the edge
of the wing and finally FALLS BACK IN THE WATER.

UNDERWATER

The flute still stuck in its eye, the shark twists and turns
trying to worm itself out of the life raft.


BACK ON THE WING

The passengers are stunned by Ashley’s attack.

                       LUIS
             You okay? Is everyone okay?
                                                           92.


The students are still dazed.

Ashley is still in shock, traumatized, and covered in blood.
She looks at her hands and can’t believe what she just did.

                    GARY
          You think it’s dead?

Lisa sees the rope stuck in the wing tighten several times.

                    LISA
          No. Not yet...

The shark is still alive.

                       GARY
          Oh no!

                       OMAR
          Watch it!!

Entangled in plastic and rope, the predator continues to
struggle, pulling on the wing making it sink into the water.

The castaways must hang on to the ledges so as not to
capsize.

Most lose their weapons and move to the opposite side hoping
to create a counterbalance. But they cannot prevent the wing
from rising above the water...

The wing continues tilting and moving...

The great white drags the entire wing through the water as it
struggles to free itself. But the more it twists, the more it
entangles itself...

The rope shortens and the shark reappears on the surface.

The castaways can see it below, half submerged, rolled up in
rope and plastic!

But the shark finally frees its muzzle!

Watching this develop from a tilting wing, the castaways
panic as they struggle to stay on.

Pam is the first to fall from the highest point- A ten feet
drop flat on her back... The two little girls follow,
screaming.

Lisa fights to keep from slipping down the wing. She can’t
hold on and slides straight into the sharks open mouth, when-
                                                           93.


Luis grabs her hand in the nick of time!

Arm extended, Luis uses all his strength to keep Lisa alive.

It’s Gary’s turn to fall and he splashes next to Pam. With
his weight off the wing, it tilts even further...

Now it’s become impossible for anyone to hold on and they all
fall towards the shark, when--

The rope breaks!

The wing splashes back into the water! Another second and
they were all shark chum!!

But the splash down is brutal, and they all slam against the
metal dumbfounded.

Omar is the first to stand. He quickly goes to help Pam and
Gary out of the water.

                    PAM
          Take the girls first...

Omar pulls the two sisters back on the wing. The survivors
are exhausted, but they realize-

The shark is gone. They did it.

Or did they?

OUT OF NOWHERE, THE GREAT WHITE RESURFACES SURPRISING
EVERYONE!!

It lands with its face on the wing- Jaws wide open- 300 teeth
ready to finish them off once and for all.

Kate is in the wrong place at the wrong time and slides
towards the predator’s teeth!

There is nothing or anyone to hold her back. She manages to
grab the axe as-

She lands on the shark’s muzzle! Her feet resting on its
outer jaws...

Inches away, the rows of razor sharp teeth project outwards
reaching for her.

Maintaining her balance on the edge of its nose, Kate is
literally face to face with death!!

She hits the beast with the small axe multiple times. Cutting
through flesh like butter.
                                                           94.


Gaping open cartilage into its perfect grey-white body. But
not stopping the three tons monster from attacking.

Avoiding another nasty bite, she drops the axe. Her survival
instinct kicking in, she rips the flute from its eye and
WEDGES IT UPRIGHT IN ITS MOUTH!

Having bought some time, she jumps off the shark.

However, it’s not in this animal’s DNA to give up, and it
snaps its jaws closed with extreme pressure.

But, instead of breaking the flute, it tears through the
shark, penetrating both ends of its head!

The shark stops instantly as if its brain had been hit.

Everyone looks on in disbelief.

Meanwhile Luis jumps in and swims to Kate’s rescue.

                    LUIS
          Kate! Kate! Are you alright?

She can only manage to nod, too exhausted to even talk.

Out of breath, they climb back on the wing to survey the dead
shark with the other passengers.

The marine monster rests partially on the wing wrapped in
rope and plastic tarp. Its head impaled with a silver flute.

Not only have they survived a plane crash, but they have also
survived the greatest shark attack ever caught on film!

The shark’s body slowly slides along the edge before slipping
into the water.

Suddenly it starts to wriggle... and then, all at once...

The carcass disgorges something out of its gaping wound...

Newborn sharks.

A dozen pups squirming free into the water, biting through
yolk sacs, almost immediately able to swim...

Submerging out of sight.

As the survivors stare with incredulity...
                                                         95.


UNDERWATER

In slow motion, the mother predator glides towards the
abyss...

The wing floating above gets further away as the shark sinks
into the darkness.


BACK ON THE WING

                        JONAH
             I can’t believe we did it. We
             killed it.

Still, it’s a bittersweet victory.

They all know that their ordeal is far from over. If they
don’t get rescued soon, they’ll die regardless.

Luis falls to his knees close to Kate.

                       KATE
             Luis?

                       LUIS
             I’m fine. Don’t worry. Just a
             little spell. Nothing at all.

Omar and Kate share a look of concern. They both know that
without his medicine Luis will not last much longer.

After everything they’ve gone through, Luis can’t even stand.
He lays on the wing with his head resting on Kate’s knees.

Luis watches the last rays of sunlight disappearing into the
ocean. The music teacher enjoys every second of this
beautiful sight.

Kate caresses his hair...

                       KATE
             Do you remember what you were
             telling Lisa? “Fight”. Don’t you
             abandon us now, Luis.

Luis forces a smile and squeezes Kate’s hand, not sure if her
words will matter at this point.

The soft, warm light of sunset appears on their faces.

The purple, orange, and pink colors blend in a perfect
symphony, shimmering on the peaceful waters...
                                                          96.


The castaways contemplate the sunset from their makeshift
boat...

                                           FADE TO BLACK.


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

Luis is dead. He died in the middle of the night.

His lifeless body is watched over by his remaining students:
Lisa, Jonah and Ashley along with his survivors family: Kate,
Margo & Charlotte, Omar, Gary and Pam.

They share a tear in silence, holding hands. Lisa chokes up
wanting to say a few words-

                    LISA
          He... He would tell us that music
          puts us in harmony with everything
          around us. Music itself arises from
          the harmony between musicians when
          they cease to exist as individuals
          to play together in unison. Luis
          always knew how to create this
          harmony between people. To all of
          us, he was so much more than a
          teacher.

She starts crying. Omar comforts her.

                                                    CUT TO:


EXT. OCEAN - DAY

The next day, or maybe the day after.

A full sun blazes up above. The vastness of the blue sky
rivals that of the Pacific extending out as far as the eye
can see. In the middle, a white dot floats adrift.

The bodies of the sleeping castaways are sprawled about the
wing. Exhausted, dehydrated, and sunburnt skin, it’s hard to
tell the living from the dead.

Gary's hand drags across the surface of the water. His pruned
fingers move slowly in the relentless swell.

A slight hiss escapes Kate’s cracked lips. Is she still
breathing? Still alive?

Suddenly, a shadow casts across her face. It widens to cover
the entire wing and its passengers...
                                                           97.


Muffled sounds of voices speaking a foreign language travel
in the breeze.

With great effort, Omar opens an eye to see a crew of
fishermen silhouetted by the sun above him.

Their trawler approaches the makeshift raft to rescue them.

Omar wants to scream and wake the others, but his throat is
too dry.

He reaches out to Kate and shakes her but she’s motionless.
He shakes her again-

Her eyeballs move slowly under her eyelids. In this sensory
fog, she discerns the face of A LITTLE GIRL leaning over her.

It’s Juliette, her daughter, who smiles tenderly and leans in
to whisper-

                    JULIETTE
          Wake up, mommy.

                    KATE
              (faint)
          Juliette...

She closes her eyes. But when she opens them again, she
realizes it’s Margo. The little girl is speaking again.

                    MARGO
          Wake up, Kate, wake up.

The little girl is shoving her, trying to wake her. Kate
turns her head to discover the silhouetted rescuers.

Kate is still. Unable to move. Unable to cry tears of joy.
But now she knows, from the bottom of her heart, that her
little girl is waiting for her mommy to come home.

                                             CUT TO BLACK

                       THE END
