:(3/LVDTakeuchi &XOOHQ                                                                                      1(7:25.'5$)7
SR/EP: Eric Charmelo & Nicole Synder
1:(3$DURQ.DSODQ
1:(3'DQD+RQRU
1:(30LFKDHO+RO]
1:(3'LHJR3LDVHN




                                         /29($)7(5/29(
                                                            Written by

                                                    /LVD Takeuchi&XOOHQ




                                                                                                               1(7:25.'5$)7
                                                                                                                              9/4/2020


                                                                                                             .DSLWDO(QWHUWDLQPHQW



© 2020 Universal Television LLC
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. NOT TO BE DUPLICATED WITHOUT PERMISSION.
This material is the property of Universal Television LLC and is intended solely for use by its personnel. The
sale, copying, reproduction or exploitation of this material, in any form is prohibited. Distribution or disclosure of this
material to unauthorized persons is also prohibited.
                                                            1.


EXT. FARMERS’ MARKET - DAY - FLASHBACK

OVER the sexy, lively beat of a modern TANGO, Gotan Project’s
“Santa Maria,” we OPEN ON --

A colorful, busy outdoor market in urban New Jersey -- stalls
teeming with white corn, red tomatoes, Italian sausage.

Find CAROLINA (40, Latinx), hair loose, dressed in colors as
vibrant as the local fruit, humming and moving like the
dancer she is to the TANGO in her earphones.

SUPER: TWO YEARS AGO

The VENDOR (male, 60s) smiles at her -- who wouldn’t at this
gorgeous woman on this gorgeous day?

                    CAROLINA
          What’s good today?

                     VENDOR
              (Jersey accent)
          Everyt’ing, sweetheart. Don’t
          insult me.

Carolina laughs. She spots a magnificent Jersey peach and
gleefully reaches for it just as --

Another hand, a man’s, does the same. CLOSE ON the two hands
as they hover over the treasure, unwilling to give it up.

She looks up. The hand belongs to an impossibly handsome man,
clothes and hair the kind of casual meant to fool the world
of their expense. This is DAMIAN (40s, white). He’s saying
something. She pulls off her earphones (MUSIC fades).

                    CAROLINA
          Sorry, what?

                    DAMIAN
          I said, pardon me -- ladies first.

                       CAROLINA
          Really?

                    DAMIAN
          No. You’re gonna have to fight me
          for it.

Carolina laughs in surprise. He smiles back. It’s a friendly,
slightly flirty exchange between two beautiful strangers.
                                                         2.


                    CAROLINA
          I tell you what. You let me have
          this peach, and I’ll let you take
          first crack at those plums over
          there.

                    DAMIAN
          Over where? Is this a trick?

                    CAROLINA
          Here, I’ll show you --

They take a few steps toward the next stand when --

BOOM!

A massive cement slab CRASHES down from the sky on the spot
where they were just standing!

Carolina SCREAMS. She instinctively grabs Damian, who
instinctively throws his arms around her.

They both look up to see where it came from: construction
work going on in the tall building overhead. Nobody’s hurt,
but everyone is shouting and running around: the construction
WORKERS, the VENDORS, the SHOPPERS. Mayhem.

Damian and Carolina suddenly realize they’re still embracing
and back awkwardly apart. Both are shaken to the core.

                    DAMIAN
          Are you okay?

                    CAROLINA
          Oh my God. Yeah. Are you?

He nods. They stare at the cement slab.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          We could’ve -- we would’ve -- been
          killed.

Carolina crosses herself and kisses the Virgin Mary medallion
around her neck. Then, her knees go weak. She wobbles. Damian
takes her arm.

                    DAMIAN
          Do you need to sit down?

                    CAROLINA
          What I really need is a drink.
                                                            3.


EXT. RIVERFRONT BAR - DAY - FLASHBACK

Carolina and Damian sit at an outdoor bar beside the Hudson
River, the Manhattan skyline shimmering across its waters,
jazz on the sound system. BARTENDER sets down a fresh tequila
on ice before Carolina and takes away an empty one.

                    BARTENDER
              (to Damian)
          Still good with just the seltzer?

Damian nods. Carolina’s good and buzzed already. He’s sober,
but charmed by her; she’s adorable when drunk.

                    CAROLINA
          Just so you know, I’m not a regular
          day-drinker.

                    DAMIAN
          It’s not a regular day. So, you
          were saying --

They resume the kind of emotionally honest conversation you
can only have with a total stranger, especially after a brush
with death.

                    CAROLINA
          Oh, yeah, so, my question was -- if
          we had died today. If this had been
          your last day on God’s green earth.
              (takes a swig)
          Did you live the life you wanted?

                    DAMIAN
          Yes. No. In some ways. You?

                    CAROLINA
          Yes. No. In some ways.

They smile at each other and hold the gaze. There’s the
slightest buzzing sound -- or is there? Is it the growing
electricity between them?

                    DAMIAN
          Maybe this was a warning.

                     CAROLINA
          Of what?

                    DAMIAN
          Not a warning. More like -- an
          alarm. A wake-up call.
                                                            4.


                    CAROLINA
          To, like, what’s it -- car-pay...

                    DAMIAN
          Carpe diem. Exactly. To live life --
          truly live.

                    CAROLINA
          And what kind of life would that
          be? For you.

Their eyes lock again. Something’s happening here, and both
know it. Like some transcendental force pulling them closer.

                    DAMIAN
          You know what? We don’t even know
          each other’s names.

Carolina looks down at their hands, almost touching on the
table. He looks down too. CLOSE ON her wedding ring and his.

                    CAROLINA
          Maybe it’s best we keep it that
          way.

They look deep into each other’s eyes. The attraction between
them is so palpable now that it’s like a living thing. The
MUSIC and tension swell and it’s unbearable and we --

SMASH TO --


INT. CLOSET - DAY - FLASHBACK

Frenzied sex inside a closet! They ravage each other standing
up in the tight, dark space, dress hoiked, hair grabbed,
pants around knees. CLOSE CUTS of groping, thrusting,
groaning. Both climax, panting hard.


INT. DESIGN STUDIO - DAY - FLASHBACK

The closet door opens. Damian exits first, tucking in his
shirt. Behind him, out steps not Carolina, but --

RAQUEL (40s, Asian) -- Damian’s wife. She’s smoothing her
sleek bob and pencil skirt and adjusting her heels, looking
impeccably professional, even now. How would an Asian Gwyneth
Paltrow look, post-wild sex in a closet? That’s Raquel.

REVEAL we’re in a lobby whose walls are covered with blown-up
articles and ads of Damian and Raquel, a famous home-design
married couple.
                                                            5.


Think Chip and Joanna without the Fixer Upper TV show and
just the Magnolia brand; he’s the designer, she’s the
business brain. This is their New Jersey design studio.

                    RAQUEL
          I don’t know what got into you,
          Damian --

Guilt flashes across his face --

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          -- but I sure needed that.

Raquel pulls him in for a kiss. She remembers something.

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          Oh. You were starting to tell me
          something happened this morning.
          Are you okay, honey?

It’s a tender moment; she’s genuinely worried. She strokes
his face, and he puts his arms around her.

                    DAMIAN
          Oh, yeah -- it was the craziest
          thing. I was at the market and --

                    LACEY (O.C.)
          Raquel! There you are --

LACEY (20s, white), Raquel’s super stylish and high-strung
assistant, hustles up. She’s holding out an iPad.

                    LACEY (CONT'D)
              (to Raquel)
          I’ve been looking all over for you.
          Target called and they need a rush
          on that new line of centerpiece
          bowls --

                    RAQUEL
          What? That’s ridiculous, I told
          them we can’t deliver for three
          months, Damian hasn’t even started
          that design yet --
              (to Damian)
          Babe, can you put the pedal to the
          metal on that?

And just like that, Raquel is swept away into the work day.

Damian sighs as he steps into the open, loft-like workspace.
WORKERS cross, carrying armfuls of textiles, raffia, color
wheels.
                                                         6.


He goes to his space, a large drafting table covered with a
white sheet of paper. He sits down and stares at the blank
sheet. Uninspired, he spins to look out the window.

ANGLE from the window of the high-rise office onto the Jersey
City streets, Manhattan visible across the river. The sounds
of the streets waft up -- car horns, sirens.

OFF the sound of distant SIRENS --


INT./EXT. SANTIAGO’S CAR/MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY - PRESENT

MATCH SOUND TO SIRENS as an unmarked, tan Crown Victoria
pulls up behind two police cars, an ambulance and a
firetruck. We’re on the side of a winding, woodsy mountain
road with a steep drop on one side. No buildings in sight.

SANTIAGO (40, Latinx) gets out, talking on his cell. Probing
eyes, dogged manner, a pronounced scar on his face. Former
NYPD; now a well-liked and decorated detective in the ‘burbs.
The guy everybody calls when they’re in trouble.

SUPER: PRESENT

(Note: our PRESENT looks notably edgier and sharper than our
FLASHBACKS, which are warmer and gauzier.)

                    SANTIAGO
              (into phone)
          Qué pasa, Hector -- we all set for
          tonight?

INTERCUT WITH --


INT. HECTOR’S RESTAURANT - DAY - PRESENT

HECTOR (40s, Latinx) is Santiago’s best friend and a suave
and successful restaurateur. He’s setting up his upscale,
trendy Argentinian bistro for the day; RESTAURANT STAFF
arrange fresh flowers, place settings, haul produce.

                    HECTOR
          You know it. My best table, the
          tasting menu -- it’ll be perfect.

                    SANTIAGO
          You got the recipe I sent you?

                    HECTOR
          Santi. I’m a chef, I got my own
          flan recipe --
                                                         7.


                    SANTIAGO
          Point is. She’s made it for me
          special all these years, to show me
          how she cares. And I wanna show her
          that from now on -- I’m gonna do
          things special for her.

                    HECTOR
          Alright alright. Just be here on
          time. My customers get pissed if
          there’s an empty table while
          they’re waiting for hours.

                    SANTIAGO
          Oh, you get a couple awards and now
          you’re all that? Remember I was
          there when you fried your first
          egg. Don’t sweat it -- I’ll be
          there.

Santiago hangs up as another unmarked cop car pulls up. This
is EDIE (30s, Black), Santiago’s partner. He taught her
everything he knows, but she’s got her own style. If Santiago
is a pitbull, Edie’s a cat: calm, watchful. Suffers no fools.

She gets out of her car, sees Santiago and shakes her head.
STAY on them as they make their way down the steep slope.
Their rapport is easy, familiar, a bond forged in part by
being the only two non-whites in the Sheriff’s department.

                    EDIE
          Uh-uh. I caught this one.

                    SANTIAGO
          I’m senior, I’m calling it. C’mon.
          You know I need a clean one today.

                    EDIE
          Why, ‘cause you got a date with
          your wife? I got a date with my
          wife!

                    SANTIAGO
          No you don’t.

                    EDIE
          Yes I do -- she’s making her
          lasagne. Some of us prioritize that
          shit. And anyway -- what makes you
          think this one’s gonna be clean?

They reach the scene. Now we see:
                                                         8.


A cherry-red sports car has run off the road and is squashed
like a Coke can nose-first against a giant tree. A half-dozen
UNIFORMS, EMTS and FIREFIGHTERS surround the car, but the
urgency is somewhat subdued. The tone: What’s done is done.

                    SANTIAGO
          Car crash. Single vehicle,
          untrafficked road, late night.
          Tragic, ‘cause no way the driver
          survived. But, case-wise? Clean.

In the B.G. we see the shape of the DRIVER slumped inside.

                    EDIE
              (to EMT)
          Driver DOA?

                    EMT
              (nodding)
          Waiting on equipment to get him
          out. Died on impact, most likely.

                    SANTIAGO
          No surprise. That’s a vintage
          Porsche -- no airbags.

                    EDIE
          Who called it in?

                    COP 1
          Passing driver, half hour ago.

Santiago touches the outside of the car.

                     SANTIAGO
          Hood’s cool. Happened sometime
          overnight.

Santiago walks around the car. Something stops him short: a
bumper sticker, classy as bumper stickers go, the letters
“EA” in an English-style crest. Edie joins him.

                    SANTIAGO (CONT'D)
          That’s for Everton Academy.

                    EDIE
          Where your kids go?

                    SANTIAGO
              (realizing)
          Wait a minute --

He hurries around to the driver’s side, Edie on his heels.
They peer in. Santiago’s face falls.
                                                           9.


Now we see: the dead driver -- crushed against the steering
wheel, blood caking his hair and neck -- is Damian.

                    SANTIAGO (CONT'D)
          Goddammit -- I know him. It’s
          Damian Krantz.

Santiago looks mournfully into the car, his heart heavy.

CLOSE ON Damian’s lifeless face and MATCH CUT TO --


INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - FLASHBACK

Damian’s very much alive face, peering intently at something.

He’s standing in the empty hallway of Everton Academy, its
expensive private-school status signaled by its classic
architecture and the “EA” crest prominent on a wall.

Damian is staring into a trophy case. Inside is a framed
portrait of himself as a teenager, holding a huge trophy,
beaming like the world would never tell him no. Damian gazes
wistfully at his younger self. Whatever happened to that guy?

                    CAROLINA (O.C.)
          What do you mean, you can’t make
          it?

He’s only heard it once before in his entire life, but Damian
would know that voice anywhere. He turns.

It’s Carolina, on the phone. She’s dressed modestly, her hair
up in a neat knot, her face contorted in fury at whoever
she’s talking to -- but she takes his breath away.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
              (into phone)
          I don’t care that you have work,
          you know I hate to do these things
          alone! Don’t you hang up on me,
          don’t you --

Carolina huffs at her phone -- clearly the person hung up.

Then she looks up. She sees Damian. They stare at each other
from across the hall, astonished.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          You.

                    DAMIAN
          You.
                                                         10.


           CAROLINA                         DAMIAN (CONT'D)
What are you doing here --      Why are you --

They laugh. Awkward, but delighted. He indicates her phone.

                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          Everything okay?

                    CAROLINA
          Yeah. It’s just, my husband, he’s
          supposed to be here, but...

She trails off, making a pained, what-can-you-do face. Even
more awkward now that she’s brought up the spouse.

                    DAMIAN
              (beat, then)
          Hey -- how’ve you been?

                    CAROLINA
          Me? Fine. Hard to believe it’s been
          a week. How are you?

                    DAMIAN
          Oh. Good. I’m good.

Just then --

                    SECRETARY (O.C.)
          Mr. Krantz, Mrs. Alvarado?

Damian and Carolina turn. A SECRETARY is approaching.

                    SECRETARY (CONT'D)
          Principal Bernard is ready for you.

All the sweetness of the reunion evaporates in a flash as
they realize: they’re here for the same shitty reason.


INT. PRINCIPAL’S OFFICE - DAY - FLASHBACK

PRINCIPAL BERNARD (50s, male, stern) sits at his desk.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD
          As I understand, it began with a
          missed goal --

REVERSE to see Carolina sitting beside her daughter Lola (15,
Latinx), scruffy in a field hockey uniform, a tough girl not
yet able to be who she is and angry at the world about it.
                                                        11.


Damian sits with MIA (15, note: full Asian, not mixed),
somehow making the same uniform look cute, a rich girl hiding
her insecurity. She holds an ice pack against her eye.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD (CONT'D)
          -- and ended in a fistfight on the
          pitch.

                    MIA
          That she started --

                    LOLA
          I was defending myself --

Principal Bernard holds up his hand.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD
          Let me make this clear. We have a
          zero-tolerance policy on violence
          at this school, and it applies to
          everyone at all times -- even on
          the hockey field.

The principal turns to Mia, softening his tone.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD (CONT'D)
          Mia. You’re an honors student. And
          the Krantzes have been part of the
          Everton community for a long time.

Damian smiles his thanks, which Principal Bernard returns.
Then he turns to Lola. Chillier.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD (CONT'D)
          Lola. You’re...new. As you were the
          apparent instigator --

Lola opens her mouth to protest, but Carolina’s fierce look
shuts her mouth. Bernard turns to Damian.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD (CONT'D)
          -- I will leave it to Mr. Krantz to
          decide how we respond. If you’d
          like us to begin disciplinary
          proceedings --

                    LOLA
          What?! That’s so unfair --

                    CAROLINA
          Lola!
                                                           12.


                    DAMIAN
          That won’t be necessary. It’s a
          rough game. I think the girls can
          work it out on their own.

Lola exhales. Mia sulks. Carolina looks at Damian with
gratitude. Damian smiles at her. Bernard harrumphs.

                    PRINCIPAL BERNARD
              (to Mia and Lola)
          This is the first offense for both
          of you, so it won’t go on your
          records. But from now on, you will
          get along, both on the field and
          off. And that is not a suggestion.

Carolina manages a tight smile as they get up.

                    CAROLINA
          We understand. Thank you, Principal
          Bernard. Believe me -- it won’t
          happen again.
              (hissed, to Lola)
          Because I am about to murder you.


EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY - FLASHBACK

Carolina hustles Lola toward their minivan and lets fly.

                    CAROLINA
          What were you thinking? You are
          here on scholarship, as is your
          brother! Do you even understand how
          lucky you are, how hard your Dad
          and I worked for this?

                     LOLA
          How can I not when you remind us
          every day?

                    CAROLINA
          Hitting another girl in the face!
          Why in the name of God --

                    LOLA
          You know what’d be nice, Mom? If
          one time, just one time, you’d take
          my side.

                    CAROLINA
              (appealing)
          Lola. What is going on with you?
          You know you can talk to me.
                                                         13.


Lola throws her mom a look -- yeah, right -- then throws her
gear in the car and gets in, slamming the door. Carolina
wants to scream in frustration. Instead she gets in after
Lola, starts the car and revs out of the lot.

Damian enters the parking lot with Mia and watches Carolina’s
minivan go. They walk toward his cherry-red Porsche, and he
opens the trunk for her gear.

                    MIA
          Does she know?

                       DAMIAN
          Hm, what?

                       MIA
          Mom.

Damian is startled. But Mia lifts her ice pack off her eye.

                    DAMIAN
          Oh. About the fight. Not yet.
          You’re lucky they called me first.
          Let me see it -- ?

                       MIA
          Is it bad?

                    DAMIAN
              (it’s bad)
          Nothing a new haircut won’t cover.

Mia groans as Damian kisses the top of her head. He slams the
trunk shut. As they get into the car --

CLOSE ON the trunk and the “EA” crest bumper sticker as we
MATCH TO --


EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY - PRESENT

The bumper sticker on Damian’s wrecked Porsche.

WIDEN to see that the accident site is now swarming with
white-suited CSI, more UNIFORMS, the MEDICAL EXAMINER team.

TECHNICIANS have used the Jaws of Life to pry the car apart
and extract Damian’s body. Santiago watches grimly as the
body is placed on a gurney and into the M.E.’s van.

                    EDIE (O.C.)
          Santiago --

Edie approaches, carrying a bag of dark, broken glass.
                                                        14.


                    EDIE (CONT'D)
          CSI found this on the floor of the
          car.

                    SANTIAGO
          Looks like...pieces of a wine
          bottle.

                    EDIE
          I guess it does. Wouldn’t the
          interior of the car been drenched
          in wine, though?

                    SANTIAGO
          Not if the bottle had already been
          drunk. Ask the M.E. for a rush on
          the tox screen, will you? Could be
          we’re looking at a DUI.


EXT./INT. KRANTZ HOME - DAY - PRESENT

Santiago stands before a spectacular home, his face grave.

Raquel opens the door. It’s still early morning but she’s
beautifully dressed and fully made up, still screwing on
earrings. She’s surprised to see him, but warm.

                    RAQUEL
          Santiago! This is a nice surprise.
          Come in, come in --

He enters. The house is gorgeously designed, a showcase for
their work. Raquel bustles around tidying, arranging.

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          I’d offer you an espresso but I’m
          in a bit of a rush -- we’ve got a
          reporter and photographer coming,
          like, now -- we’re launching this
          new line, and honestly where the
          hell is Damian, out running or I
          don’t even...

She trails off as it dawns on her: Santiago -- a friend, but
also a police detective -- is standing in her foyer, waiting.

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          Santiago...why are you here?

He speaks evenly, matter-of-fact, just as he has more times
than he can count -- but it never stops being painful.
                                                        15.


                    SANTIAGO
          Damian was in a car accident, and
          he was found early this morning.
          He’s dead, Raquel. I’m sorry.

Raquel doesn’t move. She just stares at him. Beat. Another
beat.

Then, she opens her mouth and lets forth a soul-shattering
WAIL.

Santiago watches and waits. After a few seconds, though, he
breaks protocol and takes her in his arms. He holds her tight
until her wail cracks into jagged sobs.


INT. KRANTZ HOME, KITCHEN - DAY - PRESENT

Raquel sits at her concrete-countertop island in her stunning
kitchen, numb and staring vacantly, her face rivered with
tears. Santiago hands her a steaming cup of tea.

                    RAQUEL
          Santiago. Is this...real?

Santiago nods as he takes a seat nearby.

                    SANTIAGO
          I’m so sorry.

                    RAQUEL
          What...happened?

                    SANTIAGO
          All we know right now is that he
          crashed his car off of Route Nine,
          sometime late last night.

                    RAQUEL
          But we went to bed before midnight.

                    SANTIAGO
          Did you hear him leave the house?

                    RAQUEL
          No. I...took an Ambien.

                    SANTIAGO
          Okay. Raquel -- is it possible he’d
          been drinking?

A troubled look passes over Raquel’s face. It’s fleeting --
but Santiago clocks it.
                                                          16.


                    RAQUEL
          Damian? God, no. He hasn’t touched
          a drink in over ten years.

OFF Raquel --


INT. KRANTZ ESTATE, FOYER - DAY - FLASHBACK

CLOSE ON a cut-crystal tumbler of amber liquid. WIDEN to see
it’s in Damian’s hand.

He’s dressed in a fine   bespoke suit and standing in the
sumptuous foyer of his   family’s mansion. Soaring ceilings,
chandeliers, fresh-cut   flowers, period furniture, classic art
-- every inch tasteful   but meant to exude extreme wealth.

                    RAQUEL (O.C.)
          Your sister-in-law is staring at
          Mia.

Raquel approaches. She too is dressed to the nines, her hair
longer than in the present, diamonds dazzling her throat.

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          I think she notices her black eye.
          I don’t see how, I put like a pound
          of concealer on it, I need you in
          there to intercept --

She stops short, sees the glass in Damian’s hand.

                      RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          Damian --

                    DAMIAN
          Relax -- it’s not mine.


INT. KRANTZ ESTATE, GREAT ROOM - CONTINUOUS - FLASHBACK

They cross the threshold into the Great Room, where a
professional PHOTOGRAPHER is setting up and the Krantz family
is assembling for a family portrait.

                    DAMIAN
          I caught Joshua sneaking into the
          butler’s pantry with it.

Across the room, their nephews JOSHUA (17) and EZRA (14)
horse around. Joshua catches Damian’s eye and scowls. Damian
grins cheerfully and holds up the drink as if to toast.
                                                          17.


                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          I told him, my brother catches you
          drinking -- he’ll kill you. Like
          for real kill you.

Damian’s older brother AVI (40s) talks on his phone. Avi is
Damian’s opposite: unsmiling, uncharming, tightly wound. He
looks like he could indeed for real kill you. We’ll get to
know Avi later, but for now he gives Damian a curt nod.

                    RAQUEL
          Well, if I catch you drinking
          again, I’ll for real kill you.

He puts his arm around her and they kiss. Her words are
fierce, but he knows they come from fierce love.

                    DAMIAN
          Not gonna happen. That was B.R. --
          Before Raquel. In fact, here --
          take it. You’re the one who’s gonna
          need it.

                    RAQUEL
              (taking the drink)
          I hate family portrait day.

Together they watch as Avi’s wife SHARON (40s, white) fusses
over thousand-year-old GRANDMA ESTHER in her wheelchair, both
dripping diamonds. Mia stands nearby thumbing her phone,
looking like a Gossip Girl with age-appropriate diamonds.
Sharon keeps craning to get a good look at Mia’s face.

                    DAMIAN
          I got this.

Damian steps smoothly between Sharon and Mia.

                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          Sharon -- long time, gorgeous -- is
          that a new hair color?

Sharon preens while Raquel squires Mia away. Raquel dabs at
her eye with some last-minute pancake. Mia is tense.

                    MIA
          She’s going to notice.

                    RAQUEL
          She won’t notice.

                    MIRIAM (O.C.)
          Alright, everyone!
                                                           18.


MIRIAM KRANTZ (70s), the Queen of Diamonds, has entered the
room. She’s tony Upper Saddle River by way of gritty Bayonne,
a pretty secretary who married her unfathomably wealthy boss
and became the best known (and most feared) Jewish socialite
in the tri-state area. Miriam holds a stack of yarmulkes.

                    MIRIAM (CONT'D)
          Eli, darling --

ELI KRANTZ (70s) enters behind her. He’s the King of
Diamonds, third-generation owner of Krantz Diamond (think
DeBeers), a ruthless, pugnacious tycoon who dotes on his wife
but values everyone else in terms of their usefulness to him.

We’ll get to know them both later. For now Eli takes a
yarmulke from Miriam and sits next to his mother Esther.

                    ELI
          Looking good, Krantzes. Let’s do
          this.

With everyone posed, Miriam walks down the line to assess.
She hands yarmulkes to Avi and his boys.

                     MIRIAM
          Here you are, Avi, dear. Joshua and
          Ezra, make sure we can see the
          kippahs --
              (pause)
          Sharon. Is that a new haircolor?

Miriam’s tone is clear: she hates it. Sharon dies a little.

                    MIRIAM (CONT'D)
          Eli, my love, a little closer to
          Grandma Esther -- there.

Miriam gives Damian a yarmulke and the smile a mother
reserves for her favorite. She smooths the lapels of his suit
-- a gift from her.

                    MIRIAM (CONT'D)
          Looks perfect on you. I knew it
          would.

                    DAMIAN
          I always trust your taste, Mom.

Now Miriam turns to Raquel. The temperature plummets.

                    MIRIAM
          Raquel.
                                                          19.


                       RAQUEL
          Miriam.

As Miriam’s laser eyes move to Mia, Raquel angles her own
body to shield Mia’s bruised face. But Miriam misses nothing.
The tight skin around her eyes tightens more as we PRELAP --

                    RAQUEL (V.O.)
          It’s not about the black eye, I’ll
          tell you that much.


INT. KRANTZ HOME, BEDROOM - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

CLUNK. Giant diamond   earrings tumble into a bowl. Raquel gets
ready for bed in the   en suite bathroom, door open to the
bedroom. Damian sits   up in an enormous bed wearing pajama
bottoms, iPad on his   lap. Raquel has worked up to a rant.

                    RAQUEL
          It’s not even about Mia. It’s me.
          She still fucking hates me. She
          can’t get over her precious boy,
          marrying a single mom -- an Asian
          single mom, no less -- and adopting
          her Asian kid. Like I tricked you
          or something. It’s racist, is what
          it is.

                       DAMIAN
          Raquel --

                    RAQUEL
          She kicked Mia out of the family
          portrait! Because she has a sports
          injury! As if she’s never heard of
          Photoshop! I can’t believe you’re
          not angrier about this.

                    DAMIAN
          It’s just, the photo goes out to
          all our vendors, and they’re --

                    RAQUEL
          -- “trained to spot microscopic
          flaws with the naked eye” -- thank
          you, I heard the speech. Poor
          Mia...she looked like she wanted to
          die. Or vomit. Vomit, then die.
              (emotional)
          Don’t you get it? It’s not about
          the stupid photo, or even about me.
                    (MORE)
                                                        20.

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          It’s about our daughter being
          acknowledged as a member of the
          family.

Damian crosses to her and puts his arms around her.

                    DAMIAN
          I do get it. But for my mom, it’s
          about me leaving the family
          business. It broke her heart.

                     RAQUEL
          So she’s been holding a grudge for
          ten years?

                    DAMIAN
          Ten years? That’s nothing -- she
          hasn’t spoken to her sister in
          forty. Listen. My mother is...my
          mother. My father, my brother,
          Grandma Esther -- they’re the
          family I got.
              (tender)
          But you and Mia are the family I
          chose.

Damian kisses Raquel deeply. Finally, she relaxes into him.

                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          I want to make things right. For
          Mia.

                    RAQUEL
              (hopeful)
          With your mother?

                    DAMIAN
          With everything. In fact I was
          thinking we invite the other family
          over. For dinner.

                       RAQUEL
                 (baffled)
          Who?

                    DAMIAN
          The girl she got in a fight with.
          In hockey. I met the mom, they seem
          nice. Not your usual Everton types.

Raquel pulls back and stares at him. He just doesn’t get it.
As he keeps talking, she walks away and puts on her robe.
                                                           21.


                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          Coach said they need to get along.
          You know this is a big year for
          college recruitment. Principal
          Bernard said this was a final
          warning -- where are you going?

                    RAQUEL
              (sad, weary)
          Damian, I love you. But whenever I
          try to talk to you about your
          family, or anything that’s hard --
          you change the subject. And right
          now? I need a break.

She exits and shuts the door, leaving Damian frustrated and
alone. He sits down on the bed and gazes at a framed portrait
on the nightstand of the two of them in happier times.

Then he picks up his iPad. CLOSE ON the screen: a photo of a
girls’ hockey team; the Everton Academy crest; and a roster
of players and parents’ phone numbers.

                    DAMIAN
          “Alvarado...”

OFF the photo of the girls’ hockey team in action on the
emerald green pitch, we MATCH CUT TO --


EXT. SCHOOL, ATHLETIC FIELD - DAY - PRESENT

A field hockey game in play. The CRACK of wood on wood, the
OOMPH of flesh on flesh, the SHOUTS of spirited girls.

Mia comes tearing up the field. She’s now 17 and looks
different from when we last saw her two years ago in the
principal’s office: the stuck-up girly-girl is gone, replaced
by a flat-out beauty who’s not afraid of her strength.

Watching intently from the sidelines is JAVIER, 17, dressed
in Everton’s school uniform, floppy haired, lean but
muscular. We only see him from behind for now.

                    JAVIER
          C’mon, c’mon -- Mia, to your right!

Mia looks to her right just in time to avoid a looming
DEFENDER. Aim. THWACK! Textbook-perfect goal. They’ve won!

The team erupts in CHEERS. Breaking free of the team hug, Mia
runs to the sidelines straight for Javier, and the two break
into a goofy, pre-rehearsed celebration dance. Then they hug.
                                                         22.


As they do, we get a closer look at Javier. He looks
familiar. And we realize...

Javier used to be Lola.

                    MIA
              (sobering)
          Team sucks without you.

                    JAVIER
          We just won!

                     MIA
          Yeah, and did you see? I almost got
          knee-capped. Fucking Olivia, can’t
          guard for shit.
              (beat)
          I’m gonna talk to Coach again.

                    JAVIER
          It won’t help.

                      MIA
          Javier --

                    JAVIER
          Mia -- they won’t let a boy play in
          a girls’ sport. School policy.

                    MIA
          I know, it’s just --

                      COACH (O.C.)
          Krantz!

COACH is waving Mia over.

                    JAVIER
          Hey -- I think I see your mom.

They look. Raquel is standing downfield next to Coach,
looking miserable.

                    MIA
          What the hell? She never comes to
          my games.

They exchange a look before Mia trots off, Javier watching.

REMAIN in Javier’s POV as Mia approaches Raquel. We see but
don’t hear as Raquel speaks to Mia. Mia CRIES OUT. Raquel
tries to hug her but Mia fights her off, then falls to the
ground, sobbing.
                                                           23.


EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY - PRESENT

Santiago returns to the scene of the accident from Raquel’s.
He approaches Edie at the accident site, still crawling with
uniforms and CSI in and around Damian’s crushed Porsche.

                    SANTIAGO
          Damian’s wife didn’t know he’d left
          the house last night. Said she
          slept right through it. But -- she
          lied about his drinking.

                    EDIE
          You know that for a fact, or this
          the human lie detector talking?

                    SANTIAGO
          Something in her face. But I’d bet
          money on it. Tox screen back yet?
              (off Edie, shaking head)
          There’s a camera on this road a few
          miles north. Maybe it’ll show him
          swerving or speeding.

                    EDIE
          I’ll get on it. Also, we found
          this.

Edie holds out an evidence bag with another piece of dark
glass, this one with paper plastered to it.

                    EDIE (CONT'D)
          A piece of the label from that
          broken bottle in the car.

                    SANTIAGO
          Let me see that.
              (peering closely)
          Huh. From Argentina. I know this
          wine...

CLOSE ON the piece of the distinctive label.

MATCH CUT TO --


EXT. KRANTZ HOME, DRIVEWAY - DAY - FLASHBACK

CLOSE-UP of the same label on an intact bottle of wine.

REVEAL it’s being held by Santiago, cleaned up and hair
combed. (Note: Santiago in flashback has NO FACIAL SCAR;
whatever happened was in the last two years.)
                                                           24.


WIDEN to show Santiago is standing beside Carolina. (Note:
this is the first time we’ve seen the married couple
together.) Carolina looks ravishing in a form-fitting number
from TJMaxx, her hair up. She carries a casserole dish.

                    CAROLINA
          I can’t believe this is our same
          zip code.

They’re standing before the Krantz home. She’s gawking at its
magnificence. Santiago is unimpressed.

                    SANTIAGO
          Remember, kids -- rich people got
          problems just like all the rest.

REVEAL Lola, dressed gender-neutral but still Lola and not
Javier, beside Santiago. She’d rather be anywhere else.

                    LOLA
          Yeah, but their problems are like,
          which car matches my purse today.

Lola and Santiago eye the rainbow of pricey cars in the
driveway, including Damian’s cherry-red Porsche.

                    SANTIAGO
          See? Think about the stress.

They snicker. In this family, these two are ride-or-die.

                    NICO (O.C.)
          How long do we have to stay?

REVEAL beside Carolina: NICO (17, Latinx), the Alvarados’
son, Lola’s studious and serious older brother, glasses
almost obscuring his mother’s sculpted looks. A mama’s boy
not just in appearance; he and Santiago are oil and water.

                    NICO (CONT'D)
              (to Carolina)
          I got that Calc test tomorrow.

                    CAROLINA
          I know, baby --

                    LOLA
          How about we just leave now?

                    NICO
          Says the reason we’re here in the
          first place.
                                                         25.


                    LOLA
          Shut up, Hermione Granger.
              (appealing to Santiago)
          Dad. We don’t have to do this.

                    CAROLINA
          Oh, we are so doing this.

Carolina marches to the front door and rings the bell.


INT. KRANTZ HOME, DINING ROOM - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Dinner-slash-détente. The two families sit at a long table,
Krantzes on one side, Alvarados on the other, grown-ups on
one end, teens on the other. They’re midway through a
beautifully prepared meal, and the ice remains at subzero.

The contrast between the families is marked, the Alvarados in
their Sunday best, the Krantzes effortlessly elegant. Damian
is working hard as the host; Raquel is polite but reserved;
Mia pouts prettily behind her dramatic eye bandage.

Carolina and Damian trade an awkward smile. They’re trying.

                    DAMIAN
          So, Nico. You’re a senior. Do you
          know what you want to study?

                    NICO
          Economics. I’m interested in labor
          market analysis as it applies to
          socioeconomic reform.

                    LOLA
              (mutters)
          How you’ve survived high school, I
          have no idea.

                    CAROLINA
              (proudly, over Lola)
          Nico’s first in his class. Applying
          early decision to Columbia.

                    DAMIAN
          My alma mater. Mia’s too, we hope.

Mia looks at Nico and smiles. He drops his fork. She has that
effect on boys, and she knows it. Lola looks at him, and her,
catching all of it. She shakes her head. Pathetic.

                    RAQUEL
          Not if she keeps skipping.
                                                        26.


                    MIA
          I get straight A’s, Mother --

                    DAMIAN
              (hurried)
          Carolina, is that a flan?

                    SANTIAGO
          Wait’ll you taste it -- best you’ve
          ever had. She makes it from
          scratch, takes hours.

                    CAROLINA
          It’s the only thing I know for sure
          that’ll get Santiago home in time
          for dinner.
              (to Raquel, apologetic)
          I don’t know if it goes with what
          you’ve made.

                    RAQUEL
          What I made? Damian did all of it.

Carolina glances at Damian, impressed and flattered. All
this, for them? Raquel pours herself more wine. She’s had a
few, and her usual poise is slipping.

                    RAQUEL (CONT'D)
          Here’s my secret -- I can’t cook.
          Isn’t that hilarious? The press
          calls us Mr. and Mrs. Martha
          Stewart...if only they knew. I can
          make rice -- that’s about it.

                    SANTIAGO
          All I can make is beans. And by
          “make,” I mean heat in a pot.

                    RAQUEL
          You know you can cook ‘em together.
          Rice and beans. Throw it all in the
          same pot.

                    SANTIAGO
          Oh, that’s the best. Gets the
          flavors all mixed. Little Adobo?
          Mmm.

                    RAQUEL
          There was a lady next door taught
          me that, back in Queens --
                                                        27.


                    SANTIAGO
          You’re from Queens? We’re from
          Elmhurst.

                      RAQUEL
          Flushing.

                    SANTIAGO
          You know what they say about
          flushing Queens --

                    RAQUEL / SANTIAGO
          What’s stopping ya?

Santiago and Raquel GUFFAW, then raise their glass to CLINK.
Carolina and Damian exchange looks. Maybe the evening’s not
such a flaming disaster after all.


INT. KRANTZ HOME, KITCHEN - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Damian washes dishes. Carolina enters, carrying more. In the
B.G., we hear Santiago and Raquel CACKLE.

                    CAROLINA
          Thanks for inviting us. This was a
          really nice idea.

                    DAMIAN
          Yeah, I thought we could all use a
          reset.

Carolina sets down the dishes she was carrying and picks up a
dish towel, drying as he washes. They’re standing close,
shoulder to shoulder. Damian glances at her.

                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          I lied to you.
              (off Carolina)
          The other day, at the school. When
          you asked me how I was after what
          happened that day, and I said I was
          good. The truth is -- I haven’t
          been able to stop thinking about
          it.

                     CAROLINA
              (beat)
          I keep thinking about it too.

They keep washing and drying. Each knows: on the surface
they’re talking about their brush with death, but really
they’re talking about each other. There’s another burst of
LAUGHTER from Raquel and Santiago in the next room.
                                                        28.


                     CAROLINA (CONT'D)
           Santiago flipped out when I told
           him. About my near-death by
           concrete slab.

                     DAMIAN
           Raquel wanted to call the lawyers --
           it was a whole thing.

                     CAROLINA
           But...I didn’t tell him about you.

Damian stops washing the dishes and looks at her.

                     DAMIAN
           You didn’t? Why not?

                     CAROLINA
           I don’t know.

                      DAMIAN
               (beat)
           I didn’t tell Raquel about you
           either.

They gaze at each other -- then drop their eyes. The moment
feels illicit; they’re complicit in a lie by omission.


INT.   KRANTZ HOME, REC ROOM - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

A tricked-out rec room, complete with pool table, state-of-
the-art media set-up, old-timey arcade games. Mia saunters
over to the wet bar. Nico checks out the LP collection. Lola
hangs back, intimidated but damned if she shows it.

                     MIA
               (to Lola)
           For the record --

Mia pours two glasses of Grey Goose Pear vodka on the rocks.

                     MIA (CONT'D)
           I had nothing to do with this. I’m
           not gonna be friends with someone
           who Mike Tyson-ed me just because
           our parents say so.

She picks up the glasses and walks toward Lola -- passing
right by her and to Nico instead. She stands close enough for
him to smell her (intoxicating), and for her to notice his
looks (objectively handsome). She holds out the glass.
                                                           29.


                       MIA (CONT'D)
          Cheers.

                    NICO
              (hesitates)
          I really don’t --

                    MIA
          Oh, come on. Live a little.

She clinks her glass to his. It’s impossible to say no to
her. Charmed, he takes a sip. Mia knocks hers back.

Lola watches all of this and scoffs. Mia turns, smiling.

                    MIA (CONT'D)
          You want some? Help yourself. I’m
          not serving you.

                     LOLA
          You’re the last person I’d drink
          with.
              (lower)
          And if you ever bring it up again,
          I have no problem taking out your
          other eye.

                    NICO
              (overhearing)
          Bring what up?

                       LOLA
          Nothing --

                    MIA
          I saw her bind her boobs in the
          locker room.
              (to Lola)
          What -- are you gonna deny it?

OFF Lola, furious and humiliated --

PRELAP LAUGHTER --


EXT. KRANTZ HOME, DECK - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

The grown-ups have moved out to the deck and on to stronger
spirits (except for Damian). Carolina sits with Santiago,
Damian with Raquel. The vibe is a 180 from earlier: relaxed
body language, raucous laughter, fire pit, fun music.

Raquel tops off Carolina’s drink. As she does, Carolina
notices her gumball-sized diamond ring.
                                                    30.


                     CAROLINA
          I don’t mean to be rude, but that’s
          the biggest freaking diamond I’ve
          ever seen.

                    RAQUEL
          The Krantzes like us to wear the
          product. It’s advertising.

                    CAROLINA
          I wouldn’t mind being a billboard.

                    SANTIAGO
          You? You don’t even like diamonds.

                    RAQUEL
          What girl doesn’t like diamonds? Be
          serious.

                     SANTIAGO
          Oh my God -- and I call myself a
          detective.
              (to Carolina, mock
               crestfallen)
          You mean all these years, you were
          just saying that because I didn’t
          get you one? So you wouldn’t hurt
          my feelings?

All laugh. Carolina explains to the other couple.

                    CAROLINA
          We didn’t have time for an
          engagement. We were kind of in a
          hurry...

Santiago points to Carolina’s belly.

                    SANTIAGO
          City Hall wasn’t so bad.

                    DAMIAN
          Nicer than you’d think.

Santiago and Carolina look at him in surprise.

                    DAMIAN (CONT'D)
          That’s where we got hitched, too.

                    RAQUEL
          Threw the bouquet on the Law &
          Order steps -- the whole deal.
                                                        31.


                    CAROLINA
          Really? I would’ve thought --

                    RAQUEL
          Big wedding, Vows section of the
          Times, fancy guests with those
          fascinator hats? Nope. Damian’s
          family wasn’t exactly on board.

Maybe it’s the drink, but Raquel suddenly seems vulnerable.
Damian reaches over to her, takes her hand. Tender.

Carolina clocks the gesture and feels a twinge.

                    DAMIAN
          So it was just the two of us at our
          favorite restaurant.

                    SANTIAGO
          Us too. Unless you count all the
          milongueros. We went to a milonga
          to celebrate --

                    CAROLINA
          That’s like an Argentine dance
          hall.

                    SANTIAGO
          -- and Carolina blew ‘em all away.
          She’s a dancer, you know.

                     DAMIAN
          You are?

                    SANTIAGO
          Argentine tango. Studied with a
          legend, won competitions -- those
          guys you see on TV? They got
          nothing on her. You should see her
          trophies.

                     CAROLINA
          Stop it!

Carolina pretend-shoves Santiago, laughing. Santiago grabs
her hand and pulls her toward him.

Damian clocks it, and feels a twinge.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
              (to Krantzes)
          I don’t do that anymore.
                                                        32.


                    SANTIAGO
          You teach --

                    CAROLINA
          Little old ladies!

                    RAQUEL
          Show us a few moves. Come on!

The others join in. They’re drunk, laughing.

                    CAROLINA
          Okay, okay! Just a few.
              (getting up)
          At least give me some music --

                    RAQUEL
          Hang on, hang on --

Raquel puts on Shakira’s “Clandestino.” The others start to
clap to the sexy groove.

Carolina pulls her hair out of the knot and lets it cascade
down her back. She straightens her back, stretches her neck --
and suddenly, it’s like she becomes someone else. She glides
easily into a move, swishing and swaying in the fire light.

Raquel HOOTS. Santiago WOLF-WHISTLES.

But Damian just watches her, silent and mesmerized. Until --

CRASH! The sound of glass shattering. Then, SHOUTS.


INT. KRANTZ HOME, REC ROOM - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Damian bursts into the rec room. Raquel, Santiago and
Carolina follow. There, an unsightly scene:

Lola and Mia are smacking the shit out of each other!
Kicking, punching, pulling hair. The shattered remnants of a
glass, hurled against a wall.

Nico is between them, trying and failing to keep them apart.
POW! Lola’s flying elbow lands accidentally on his cheekbone.
Nico goes staggering. Carolina grabs him.

Santiago dives in, yanking Lola away. Damian pulls Mia off.

Raquel runs to Mia, whose bandage has come off. Raquel GASPS
to see Mia’s eye is bleeding. All her good will dissolves in
an instant. She hisses at Damian.
                                                         33.


                    RAQUEL
          I told you this was a bad idea!


INT. ALVARADO HOME, BEDROOM - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Carolina paces the room, undressing, nerves jangling from the
drama of the night. Santiago enters and shuts the door.

                    CAROLINA
          What’d she say?

                    SANTIAGO
          Nada. I’ve had criminals break
          easier. Whatever it is, she ain’t
          talking.

                    CAROLINA
          It’s gotta be about more than field
          hockey, right? I know -- it’s a
          boy. Has to be.

                    SANTIAGO
          Well, she is your daughter.

                    CAROLINA
          What’s that supposed to mean?

                    SANTIAGO
          You don’t remember that fight in
          tenth grade? You and, who was it,
          Julia somebody -- over a boy named,
          what was it, Santiago something --
          ow!

Carolina slugs him, laughing. He responds by wrestling her on
to the bed, pinning her down. He kisses her neck.

                    SANTIAGO (CONT'D)
          You looked hot tonight. Dancing.
          That Damian guy thought so too. I
          saw him watching you.

                    CAROLINA
              (hiding her delight)
          Yeah?

He kisses further down her body. Carolina squirms with
pleasure. Just as it gets heated, Santiago stops.

                    SANTIAGO
          Caro. Do you ever think about it?

Carolina’s turned on and wants to get back to it.
                                                          34.


                    CAROLINA
          About what?

                    SANTIAGO
          About what woulda happened if you’d
          been with someone else. A rich guy,
          like Damian. A guy who could give
          you...more.

Carolina feels a flash of hot guilt. Truth is she’s been
thinking plenty about being with Damian, so she covers by
overcompensating. She grabs Santiago’s face with both hands.

                    CAROLINA
          More what? More diamonds? More
          cars? Listen to me, Santiago
          Alvarado. I do want more -- of you.
          Your time. Your attention. Your
          love. You give me that -- and
          there’s nothing more I need.

She pulls his face in close for a deep kiss. Then she pushes
his face back down her body. They giggle as he picks up where
he left off, peeling off the last of her clothes as he goes.
Down, down. She MOANS in excitement just as --

SQUAWK. It’s Santiago’s police radio, on the nightstand. He
reaches for it. Carolina sighs, already resigned.

But, for once -- he turns it off.

PRELAP SQUAWK OF POLICE RADIO --


EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY - PRESENT

The SQUAWK of the police radio on Santiago’s belt. He’s
standing at the accident site, talking on the phone.

                    SANTIAGO
          Yeah, Chief. Got it.

He hangs up as Edie approaches.

                    SANTIAGO   (CONT'D)
          That was the boss.   Says the
          family’s all up in   the D.A.’s ass
          to make the DUI go   away.

                    EDIE
          Can they do that?
                                                          35.


                    SANTIAGO
          They got the money to try. We just
          gotta make sure the case is tight.
          Whaddaya got?

                    EDIE
          That speed-cam footage you asked
          about...definitely over the limit,
          but -- there’s something else.

Edie shows him her phone. Santiago peers into it.

                       SANTIAGO
          Is that --

                    EDIE
          Yeah. A passenger.

CLOSE ON Edie’s phone screen and a grainy black-and-white
slow-motion video of Damian’s car -- with the shape of a
person in the passenger seat.

                    EDIE (CONT'D)
          Someone else was in that car.

Santiago rubs his head. Case just got more complicated.

                    SANTIAGO
          Shit. Well, one thing’s for sure --
              (getting out his phone)
          Date night’s gonna have to wait.

Santiago dials home.

INTERCUT with --


INT. ALVARADO HOME, KITCHEN - PRESENT

The landline phone is RINGING as Javier enters the house. He
picks up, agitated.

                    JAVIER
          Yeah, Dad. Just got in. Dad, Dad,
          did you hear about Damian --

                    SANTIAGO
          I did, honey. I’m so sorry. I’m
          working the case. How’d you hear
          about it?

                    JAVIER
          From Mia. She’s a mess.
                                                        36.


                     SANTIAGO
          Poor girl. We’ll talk more later,
          but -- I need to talk to Mom. Is
          she there?

                    JAVIER
          No -- pretty sure she’s teaching
          today. Not that she talks to me.

                    SANTIAGO
          You know she still loves you --

                    JAVIER
          Dad, can you just try her cell? I
          gotta go, Mia’s here...

REVEAL Mia standing in the door, stunned with grief. She’s
still in her hockey uniform, her face streaked with tears,
body slumped against the doorframe.

                     SANTIAGO
          Okay. Good. She could use a friend
          right now.

Javier cuts the call. He turns to Mia, whose face crumples as
she starts to cry again.

                    JAVIER
          C’mere.

The two embrace. Mia SOBS and shakes.

                    MIA
          I can’t go home right now.

                    JAVIER
          You’re okay here.

                    MIA
          People are gonna say, he wasn’t
          even your real dad. But -- he’s the
          only dad I ever knew.

Mia cries harder. Javier strokes Mia’s hair. Mia pulls back.
They look at each other for a charged beat.

Then -- Javier kisses Mia on the lips. It’s tender, loving,
reciprocated -- and familiar. Like they’ve done this a
hundred times...which they have.

                    MIA (CONT'D)
          I need you, Javi. I can’t get
          through this without you.
                                                           37.


                    JAVIER
          I’m not going anywhere.

                    MIA
          We have to tell him. He’s getting
          out soon.

OFF JAVIER, troubled --


INT. PRISON - DAY - PRESENT

A tiny prison cell in the Newark Correctional Facility.
Cinderblock walls. Rusty bars. The cacophony of other
inmates. On the bottom bunk, a young male INMATE, asleep.

PAN UP to the upper bunk. This inmate sits cross-legged in
his bed, wearing a tan jumpsuit, leaning against the wall.
He’s prison-yard fit, iron biceps tattooed, square-jawed,
head shaved -- not a guy you’d mess with.

It’s Nico. Now 19. Inmate No. 78924.

He’s gazing at a snapshot in his hands. CLOSE to see: it’s
Nico as we last saw him two years ago, handsome but
unthreatening, his arms around a gorgeous girl, both laughing
and in love. The girl is Mia.

Nico kisses the photo, then tucks it under his mattress.


EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY - PRESENT

Santiago calls Carolina’s cell. CLOSE ON his phone as he
selects her mobile number, dials and waits.

Then --

A PHONE RINGS NEARBY.

Santiago freezes. Did he just hear that? It was faint,
muffled by the sounds of the investigation and the woods --

IT RINGS AGAIN.

He stares at the phone in his hand, calling Carolina.

Edie approaches and sees the look on his face.

                    EDIE
          What is it?

Santiago motions for her silence. He heads into the woods,
away from the crash site. Edie follows.
                                                        38.


ANOTHER RING, THIS TIME LOUDER.

                    EDIE (CONT'D)
          Is that a phone?

                    SANTIAGO
          There!

It’s coming from the ground, half-obscured by fallen leaves
and dirt. Santiago dives to his knees for a closer look, his
own phone in his hand, not touching the phone on the ground.
It’s got a distinctive and feminine case.

He ends his call -- and the RINGING stops. Edie squats down
next to him.

                    EDIE
          Whose phone is that?
              (off his silence)
          Santiago. What the hell is going
          on?

Santiago turns slowly to Edie, his face drained of blood.

                    SANTIAGO
          This phone. It’s...Carolina’s.

Edie stares at Santiago, bewildered. CLOSE on the cell phone
on the ground.

MATCH TO --


INT. DANCE STUDIO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

The same distinctive phone, RINGING.

WIDEN to see we’re in a dance studio, a charming space strung
with twinkling lights and plate-glass windows looking out
across the river at the Manhattan skyline.

Carolina’s teaching a class of SENIOR CITIZENS (male and
female, 70s and 80s), dressed nattily and dancing admirably.
Carolina is wearing a tight top, sweeping skirt and dance
heels, a flower behind her ear. Glowing. In her element.

                    CAROLINA
          Okay, keep going, keep going --

She hustles over to her phone and picks up.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          Hello?
                                                           39.


INTERCUT with --


INT. DAMIAN’S CAR - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Damian is driving his red Porsche as he calls Carolina.

                    DAMIAN
          It’s me. Damian.

                    CAROLINA
          Oh. Hi.

Carolina turns away from her class so they can’t see her
flush like a schoolgirl.

                    DAMIAN
          I just -- wanted to apologize for
          the other night. It was a --

                     CAROLINA
          Shit show?
              (laughing)
          I’m so sorry. Was Raquel mad?

                    DAMIAN
          No. Yeah. It’s okay, I’m gonna make
          it up to her. It’s kind of why I’m
          calling -- I have a favor to ask.

                    CAROLINA
          Of course -- anything.

                    DAMIAN
          Would you teach me how to dance?

                    CAROLINA
          You and Raquel?

                     DAMIAN
          No -- just me.
              (beat)
          I want to surprise her. For Mia’s
          Sweet Sixteen. She’s always going
          on about how I won’t dance with
          her, but then when I do it’s like
          dancing with Frankenstein, and...

                    CAROLINA
              (laughing)
          Of course. I’ll teach you,
          Frankenstein. When?
                                                        40.


                    DAMIAN
          How about...now?

OFF CAROLINA, staring at her phone --


EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY - PRESENT

CLOSE ON Carolina’s phone on the forest floor. Santiago and
Edie kneel in the woods, staring at it.

                    EDIE
          Why would Carolina’s phone be here?

                    SANTIAGO
          I don’t know.

                    EDIE
          Was she the person in the car with
          Damian Krantz?

                    SANTIAGO
          I don’t fucking know, Edie!

They stand. Santiago looks around frantically.

                    SANTIAGO (CONT'D)
          Jesus Christ. All I know is, if her
          phone is here, if she was in the
          car when it crashed -- then she
          could be here! She could be hurt,
          or, or -- we have to find her!
          Right the fuck now!

OFF Santiago, wild-eyed --


INT. DANCE STUDIO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Damian enters as the last of the seniors leaves. Carolina
stands across the room. The fairy lights twinkle. It’s
intensely romantic. They smile at each other. Then, Carolina
clears her throat and assumes a professional tone.

                    CAROLINA
          So. What do you know about tango?

                    DAMIAN
          Not much. Just from the movies. And
          those dance shows Mia likes. The
          ones with the celebrities.
                                                        41.


                    CAROLINA
          Ah. That’s ballroom tango.
          Argentine tango is different.

She switches on the music: a modern take on Jacob Gade’s
“Tango Jalousie” -- a classic song about jealousy, its mood
set from the first few, moaning bars of the VIOLIN.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          It started in Buenos Aires, in the
          bordellos. Too many men, too few
          women...even a prostitute could
          have her pick. A man had to win her
          over.

Carolina circles around Damian. It’s delicious.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          First, the cabacejo. The “eye
          invitation.” Go on...try it.

Damian wiggles his eyebrows at her. They both laugh.

                    DAMIAN
          Did that work?

                    CAROLINA
          We’ll see. Here’s my response.

She turns her face away, then slides her eyes to him. Bats
her lashes comically. They laugh again.

                    DAMIAN
          Is that a yes?

She walks up to him and stands before him, close.

                    CAROLINA
          It’s a yes.

The air between them is tingling now. She places his arms so
they encircle her waist, and rests hers on his.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          In the dance, the man makes the
          first move. Go on, step forward.
          And -- the woman says “yes” by
          stepping back.

With their arms around each other, Damian steps forward as
Carolina takes a small step back. They stand still. Bodies
close but barely touching, eyes locked, breath shallow.
                                                        42.


                     CAROLINA (CONT'D)
               (softly)
           Now...we begin.

Note: TANGO MUSIC CONTINUES over the coming scenes, as we
INTERCUT TO --


EXT. WOODS - DAY - PRESENT

Santiago crashes through the woods. We see but don’t hear him
screaming Carolina’s name.

                     CAROLINA (V.O.)
           In ballroom, the dancers connect at
           the chest. But in Argentina, we
           connect here --


INT. DANCE STUDIO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

TIGHT on Carolina and Damian’s waists as she pulls him in
suddenly --

                     CAROLINA
           At the hips.

Their groins SLAM together. It’s unbearably sexy.

                     DAMIAN
               (breathless)
           Hips. Got it.


EXT. WOODS - DAY - PRESENT

MUSIC CONTINUES AS Edie races through the woods with a half-
dozen uniforms in tow, all shouting Carolina’s name. She
halts when she spots Santiago up ahead, fallen to his knees.

                     CAROLINA (V.O.)
           Every dance tells a story. And in
           tango -- it’s the story of a fallen
           woman.


INT.   DANCE STUDIO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Carolina corrects Damian’s positioning of his feet and elbows
with a few sharp moves. She’s in complete control.
                                                        43.


                    CAROLINA
          The woman is in love, you see? With
          a gaucho, a cowboy. A poor but good
          man.

Carolina pushes him away suddenly as she executes a spin,
then spinning just as fast back into his arms.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          Then she meets a handsome noble.

                    DAMIAN
          What does she do?


EXT. WOODS - DAY - PRESENT

Edie catches up to Santiago. He’s on his knees, his face
stricken with shock and grief. Edie sees what he sees, and
her face falls. The other uniforms surround them.

                    CAROLINA (V.O.)
          She leaves the poor man for the
          rich one.

                    DAMIAN (V.O.)
          What about the gaucho?


INT. BALLROOM DANCE STUDIO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Like a flash, Carolina flicks her leg through Damian’s, then
back behind her. It’s a dazzlingly sexy move.

                    CAROLINA
          He takes revenge -- and kills her.

Carolina places Damian’s hands around her lower back, then
tightens his grip. She looks intensely into his eyes.

                    CAROLINA (CONT'D)
          That’s why the last move of the
          tango is always the same. It’s
          called The Falling Woman. Falling --
          and fallen.

Without warning, she drops back into a spectacular dip that
has her head almost touching the floor. Damian just barely
manages to catch her. Thrilled, he holds on tight.

On Carolina’s face, eyes closed in the dramatic pose as we
CUT TO --
                                                         44.


EXT. WOODS - DAY - PRESENT

Carolina’s face, eyes closed, pressed against the dirt, body
lying face-down on leaves and dirt.

A curdled animal CRY rips forth. It’s coming from Santiago,
on his knees by the inert body of his wife.

                    SANTIAGO
          Oh no no no no --

Edie dives to her knees next to him and over Carolina.
Santiago covers his face with his hands.

                    SANTIAGO (CONT'D)
          Oh my baby, my Caro --

Edie is looking closely at Carolina and notices something.

                       EDIE
          Santiago.

                    SANTIAGO
          I’m sorry, I’m so sorry --

                       EDIE
          Santiago!

Santiago opens his eyes. Together the two partners stare into
Carolina’s face. And --

Her eyelid flutters!

Santiago falls back, in shock. Edie grips Carolina’s neck,
takes her pulse.

                    EDIE (CONT'D)
          She’s alive!

Edie LEAPS into action as Santiago remains frozen in shock.

                    EDIE (CONT'D)
              (shouting, at a Uniform)
          Call another bus -- get EMTs back
          here, now! Car accident, one victim
          multiple injuries, make sure they
          got a trauma board --

Uniforms radio and SHOUT and run back for help as Santiago,
uncharacteristically at a loss for what to do, takes off his
jacket to cover Carolina for warmth. As he does, his hand
brushes her back and touches something wet.

He looks at his hand. It’s blood.
                                                        45.


Edie crouches next to him. CLOSER to see: a bloom of blood in
the middle of Carolina’s back.

                    EDIE (CONT'D)
          That’s not from the car accident.
          That’s a...bullet wound.

                    SANTIAGO
              (stunned)
          Carolina’s been shot.

OFF SANTIAGO’S stricken face --

PRELAP soft beeps and bustle as we CUT TO --


INT. HOSPITAL, WAITING ROOM - NIGHT - PRESENT

A hospital waiting room. Santiago paces as doctors work to
save Carolina. The occasional NURSE, ORDERLY or VISITOR
crosses, but the hour is late and foot traffic has slowed.

Hector approaches, still suave if a bit rumpled after a long
day running his restaurant. He sets down a paper bag on a
chair before he goes to his friend. They embrace.

                    HECTOR
          Is Carolina --

                    SANTIAGO
          Still in surgery.

                    HECTOR
          How’s it look?

In Santiago’s face, the answer: not good. They sit down and
together dwell in that bleak news.

                    HECTOR (CONT'D)
          She’s a fighter.
              (off Santiago’s nod)
          The kids know?

                    SANTIAGO
              (shaking his head)
          Where do I start? “Hey, kids. Your
          mom’s been shot.” Or, “Hey, kids.
          Your mom was...”
              (makes himself say it)
          “Your mom was having an affair.”

                    HECTOR
          You don’t know that for sure.
                                                        46.


                     SANTIAGO
          Come on. She was with a guy, in a
          car, in the middle of the night.
          I’m not a goddamned fool.
              (beat)
          Or maybe I am. What the hell kinda
          detective doesn’t know his wife is
          stepping out?

                    HECTOR
              (sympathetic)
          You guys been rocky for a while.

                    SANTIAGO
          I know I made mistakes. I wasn’t
          there for her...I wasn’t the man
          she deserved. But we were trying,
          we were both trying. That’s what
          tonight was supposed to be. Just
          us, at your place. Starting over.

Hector reaches for the paper bag he brought, takes out a
beautifully beribboned cardboard box and hands it to
Santiago. Santiago opens it. Inside is a single serving of a
perfect flan, expertly presented.

                    HECTOR
          You were right. Her flan...it’s
          tricky, hard to get right. A dish
          like this, if she was making for
          you special -- she was showing you
          she loved you, man.

                    SANTIAGO
              (emotional)
          I don’t care if she cheated. I just
          need her to pull through -- so I
          can tell her I love her. I love her
          so much.

Santiago breaks down as Hector puts his arm around him. Edie
approaches. Santiago pulls himself together.

                    EDIE
          Speak to you alone?


EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT - PRESENT

Santiago and Edie walk and talk outside the hospital.
                                                        47.


                    EDIE
          Tox screen came back negative.
          Damian wasn’t drunk...this wasn’t a
          DUI. No surprise given Carolina’s
          shooting, but --

                    SANTIAGO
          The accident wasn’t an accident.

                    EDIE
          Working theory is, it was a...

Edie hesitates, reluctant to say the words.

                    SANTIAGO
          A lover’s quarrel. You can say it.

                    EDIE
              (nodding)
          They argue. He shoots her. He’s an
          emotional wreck, he gets back in
          the car -- runs it right off the
          road. Maybe even on purpose.

                    SANTIAGO
          Murder-suicide...

                    EDIE
          Only, she didn’t die.

                      SANTIAGO
          Yet.
              (enraged)
          If Damian Krantz wasn’t already
          dead -- I’d kill the motherfucker
          myself.

OFF SANTIAGO, his fury unfurling --


INT. DANCE STUDIO - NIGHT - FLASHBACK

Damian swoops Carolina up to standing from her dramatic
finishing dip. They’re both sweating, panting, elated. They
let go of their embrace and take a step apart.

                    CAROLINA
          You can dance. You said you were
          Frankenstein!

                      DAMIAN
          I...lied.
                                                         48.


                    CAROLINA
          Why?

Damian takes a deep breath -- and takes the plunge.

                     DAMIAN
          The day we met, something happened
          to me. Ever since, I just feel --
          alive.
              (beat)
          And...I think you feel it too.

MUSIC and tension rise as they stare into each other’s eyes.

OFF Carolina and Damian --


EXT. HOSPITAL PARKING LOT - NIGHT - PRESENT

Edie walks toward her car in the parking lot. She notices
Santiago’s parked car, the unmarked Crown Vic -- with its
headlights on.

                    EDIE
              (muttering)
          Santiago, buddy, you left your
          lights on --

She pulls out her cell phone to call him when something
catches her eye. She steps closer to the front of the car and
crouches down.

There, illuminated by the headlights, is a new-looking
scrape. She touches it with her finger, then holds her finger
to the headlight beam.

CLOSE ON fresh paint chips. Cherry red -- the color of
Damian’s crashed vintage Porsche.

OFF EDIE, as the possibility of Santiago’s involvement in the
crash dawns on her, we --

SMASH TO BLACK.


                        END OF PILOT
